
Daylight
I wake up feeling like you won't play right
I used to know, but now that shit don't feel right
It made me put away my pride
So long
You made a nigga wait for some, so long
You make it hard for boy like that to go on
I'm wishing I could make this mine, oh

If you want it, yeah
You can have it, oh, oh, oh
If you need it, oooh
We can make it, oh
If you want it
You can have it

But stay woke
Niggas creepin'
They gon' find you
Now stay woke
Now don't you close your eyes

Too late
You wanna make it right, but now it's too late
My peanut butter chocolate cake with Kool-Aid
I'm trying not to waste my time

If you want it, oh
You can have it, you can have it
If you need it
You better believe in something
We can make it
You can have it, aaaaah!

Gon' catch you sleepin'
Put your hands up on me
Ooh, now stay woke
Now, don't you close your eyes
But stay woke, ooh
Gon' catch you sleepin', ooh

Baby get so scandalous, oh
How'd it get so scandalous?
Oh, oh, baby, you...
How'd it get...
Ooh, we get so scandalous

No matter what you say or what you do
When I'm alone, I'd rather be with you
Fuck these other niggas
I'll be right by your side till 3005, hold up

Hold up, wait a minute, all good just a week ago
Crew at my house and we party every weekend so
On the radio, that's my favorite song
Make me bounce around, like I don't know, like I won't be here long
Now the thrill is gone, got no patience, cause I'm not a doctor
Girl why is you lying, girl why you Mufasa
Yeah, mi casa su casa, got it stripping like Gaza
Got so high off volcanoes, now the flow is so lava
Yeah, we spit that saliva, iPhone got message from Viber
Either the head is so hydra, or we let bygones be bygones
"My God, you pay for your friends?" I'll take that as a compliment
Got a house full of homies, why I feel so the opposite?
Incompetent ain't the half of it
Saturdays we're Young Lavish-ing
Saddest shit, is I'm bad as it
Sorry, I'm just scared of the future
Till 3005, I got your back, we can do this, hold up

I'll be right by your side till 3005

I used to care what people thought, but now I care more
I mean, nobody out here's got it figured out
So therefore, I've lost all hope of a happy ending
Depending on whether or not it's worth it, so insecure, no one's perfect
We spend it with no shame, we blow that like Coltrane
We in here like Rogaine, or leave it like Cobain
And when I'm long gone, whole crew sing a swan song
Cause we all just ticking time bombs, got a Lambo like LeBron's mom
And no matter where all of my friends go, Emily, Fam, and Lorenzo
All of them people my kinfolk, at least I think so, can't tell
Cause when them checks clear, they're not here
Cause they don't care, it's kinda sad but I'm laughing whatever happens
Assassins are stabbed in the back of my cabin
Labrador yapping, I'm glad that it happened, I mean it
Between us, I think there's something special, and if I lose my mental
Just hold my hand, even if you don't understand, hold up

Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up
Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up...

We did it! Yay!
Nigga, you so thirsty

Watching haters wonder why Gambino got the game locked
Half-Thai thickie, all she wanna do is Bangkok
Got her hair done, French braids, now she A$AP
Bino so insensitive, she asking, "Why you say that?!"
I'm chilling, real nigga feeling
Real nigga, I rep those, why though? Cause I said so
Hip deep in the Pepto, I got five on her like Ben Folds
I got more tail than that PetCo
You faker than some Sweet'N Low
Yeah, you got some silverware
But really are you eating though?
Are you eating though? Nigga, are you eating though?
Breakfast, lunch and dinner's for beginners
You ain't even know
Never catching cases, why they faces look so E-M-O?
Watch a hater hate me, wanna play me like a piano
My architect know Japanese, yo' girl, she jocking these
No hands like soccer teams and y'all fuck boys like Socrates
You niggas ain't copping these, niggas ain't looking like me
Nah, I ain't checking I.D. but I bounce 'em with no problem

Rich kid, asshole, paint me as a villain

Whaaat?
Don't be mad cause I'm doing me better than you doing you
Better than you doing you, fuck it, what you gon' do?

Different color, my passport, Instagram my stack load
Hashtag my day wear and your girl drink my day care
Ain't nobody sicker and my Fisker, "vroom, vroom," ho
Ain't nobody—
Fiskers don't make noise when they start up...
Just so you know
Top of the Hold 'em totem, rich forever
A million was not the quota
My father owned half the MoMA and did it with no diploma
Year off, got no rules, tripping off of them toadstools
More green than my Whole Foods
Got a glass house in the Palisades, that a-k-a
Furniture custom, you shop at IKEA
So Maserati, you whipping a Kia
Spending this money, it's longer than Nia
Live like a Coppola, me and Sofia
Waking up broke, man, wouldn't wanna be ya
Friends with the dope man, help a nigga re-up
Bring a girlfriend, man, trouble when I see her
I'm winning so they had to dump the Gatorade
And I don't give a fuck about my family name

Okay, it's Childish Gambino, homegirl drop it like the NASDAQ
Move white girls like there’s coke up my asscrack
Move black girls cause, man, fuck it, I’ll do either
I love pussy, I love bitches, dude, I should be runnin’ PETA
In Adidas, with some short shorts, B-O-O all over me
My green is where it's supposed to be, your green is in my grocery
This Asian dude, I stole his girl, and now he got that Kogi beef
My dick is like an accent mark, it’s all about the over Es
Hot like a parked car
I sound weird, like "nigga" with a hard 'R'
Fly like the logo on my cousin’s 440
Eatin’ Oreos like these white girls that blow me
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
Hangin’ in the islands, lookin’ for Earl like Toejam
I made the beat retarded, so I’m callin’ it a slow jam
Butcher and I know it, man, kill beef, go ham
These rappers are afraid of him
Cause I’m a beast, bitch, "grrr" - Invader Zim
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
Told me I was awful and that shit did not faze me
Tell me how I suck again, my memory is hazy
“You're my favorite rapper now!” Yeah, dude, I better be
You wanna see my girl? I ain’t that dumb
You wanna see my girl? Check Maxim
"Man, why does every black actor gotta rap some?”
I don’t know, all I know is I’m the best one

It’s a bonfire, turn the lights out
I’m burnin’ everything you muthafuckas talk about

You know these rapper dudes talk shit, start killin’
Fuck that, got goons like an archvillain
I’m from the South, ain’t got no accent, don’t know why
So this rap is child’s play, I do my name like Princess Di
Yeah, they say they want the realness, rap about my real life
Second off, you talk like you haven't given up yet"
Rap's stepfather, yeah, you hate me but you will respect
I put in work, ask Ludwig
Put my soul on the track like shoes did
Played this for my cousin, now he can’t even think straight
Black and white music? Now, nigga, that’s a mixtape
Shoutout to my blerds, they represent the realness
Shoutout to Gambino Girls, my dick is in the building
I know you hate me cause your little cousin play me out
I like black girls who nerdy but when they dance they be sayin' "Owwww"
I'm sorry for who followed me
Chillin’ with a Filipina, at your local Jollibee
Yeah, I’m in her ass like sodomy
So if you see my hand under the table, don’t bother me
I don't talk soft, that's that other guy
I’m screamin’ “What the fuck is up?” like I ain't seen the sky
The shit I’m doin’ this year? Insanity
These rappers don’t know what to do
Cause all I did was act me like a Looney Tune
And I’ll give you all of me until there’s nothing left
I swear this summer will be summer Camp, bitch

I wanted you to know
That I am ready to go, heartbeat
My heartbeat
Whenever you are around, can't speak
I can't speak

I know what your boy like
Skinny tie and a cuff type
He go and make breakfast
You walk around naked
I might just text you
Turn your phone over, when it's all over
No settling down, my text go to your screen
You know better than that
I come around when you least expect me
I'm sitting at the bar when your glass is empty
You thinking that this song's coming on to tempt me
I need to be alone like the way you left me
You start calling, you start crying
I come over, I'm inside you
I can't find you, the girl that I once had
But the sex that we have isn't half bad
The text say that "It's not fair"
That's code for "He's not here"
And I'm-a flirt with this new girl
And I'm-a call if it don't work
So we fuck till we come to conclusions
All the things that we thought we were losing
I'm a ghost and you know this
That's why we broke up in the first place
Cause

It's late night Thursday
I know that you heard me
But you don't want the same thing
Well two can play that game
So I'm chilling with my girlfriend
But she not my real girlfriend
She got a key to my place but
She's not my real girlfriend
Stupid, so dummy
Say the wrong thing and wrong girls come runnin'
I'm paranoid that these girls want something from me
And it's hard to make a dime go one hundred
And my dude freakin' out over a worse fate
She on time, but she late for they first date
Cause he went and tried out a new condom
Slipped off in a threesome--good problems?
Right? Wrong
Askin' him if she wanna play games
With the Super Smash Brothers, but none of them you
I miss the sex when you kiss whenever you through
Sixty-nine is the only dinner for two
I was wrong, but would you have listened to you?
Uh, you were crazy
I got a heart, but the artichoke
Is the only thing girls want when you in that smoke
And light

So we're done? This the real shit?
We used to hold hands like field trips
I'm a jerk, but your dude is a real dick
I read his post on your wall and I feel sick
He ain't cool, he ball and all that
But he just a fake nigga who blog in all caps
You couldn't wait to date
I'm going straight for your thighs like the cake you ate
I give a fuck about the niggas that you say you ate
You know that I’m the best when I’m a-fake-tionate
I'm the best that you had, face it
I give you money, then you burn me, then you made off
She ain't a killer, but she'd fucking blow your head off
I know he wondering, "What the fuck you hiding?"
That we dated like raps about Bin Laden
Ayo, fuck this
Are we dating? Are we fucking?
Are we best friends? Are we something? In between that?
I wish we never fucked, and I mean that

Alright, Gambino is a mastermind, fuck a bitch to pass the time
Mass appeal, orange rind, smoke your green, I'm spendin' mine
The beat is witches brew, but beware this shit is potent
E.E. cummin' on her face, now that's poetry in motion
Yeah, Gambino make it work, I'm the boss move somethin'
Yeah, this cool fuckin' suits me, swag two button
I ain't fuckin' at the club, put your clothes back on
This beat is a disaster, 9/11 this track
Rappers wanna battle me, I have to mail their heads back
And my clique make that dinero, so it's time to meet the fuckers
I am runnin' this bitch, you are just a dog walker
Leavin' with your girl when we last seen each other
Yeah you fuckin' with the baddest like we tag team Rihanna
Fly girl on her knees, she don't wanna come near me
My dick is too big, there's a big bang theory
Got her picture in my iPhone, what do y'all think?
While y'all niggas masturbate, I'm in that Ariel Pink
If I am just a rapper man, you could've fooled me
I'm the shit, when these dudes talk, they talkin' bull me

Filipino, Armenian girls on my sofa
Yeah I like a white girl, sometimes we get together
Need a thick chick though, so it's black and yellow, black and yellow
Love is a trip, but fuckin' is a sport
Are there Asian girls here? Minority report
Put your team on the map, Blake Griffin on the court
Niggas bitin' off my tracks, need a knife and a fork
We the illest, need a nurse, here's the check, grab your purse
Unless we fuckin', then I'll pay for all the food on the Earth, man
I got some pussy that was insane, so insane, it's an enemy of Batman
I'm dominant, niggas call me faggot 'cause they closeted
I'm hot as shit, comin' out the backside of a rocket ship
It's monster shit, you dudes are the opposite of Loch Nesses
Respond to this, we can squash the beef right now like sausages
Chillin' with my n-words, say it like a white kid
Yes your booty's big as hers, say that to my white bitch
So she don't get embarrassed, my dick is made of carrots
Bunnies wantin' to be fed it, I meant honeys, oh forget it
I have worked all winter, I will not fail summer
In the back of the bush, like Gavin Rossdale's drummer
Yeah, my stinger's in her flower, I hope she lets me pollinate
Workin' hard as shit, yeah this beat is made from concentrate
Nigga can't you tell that my sample of Adele
Was so hot, I got these hood niggas blowin' up my cell?
Swag out the ass, I'm the man, fuck chico
Took the G out your waffle, all you got left is your ego
Think about it for a second, man we eatin', where's your breakfast?
Man, you hungry have this sandwich, got my wallet, cheese and lettuce
An elephant never forgets, so my dick remembers everything
Green inside your wallet is that pussy open sesame
Runnin' the game, fuck am I sayin', runnin' the Earth, give me a month
Told all you niggas I'm in it to win it 'cause havin' an Emmy just wasn't enough
You get sloppy drunk, I stay whiskey neat

"Power 106!
LA, it's ya girl, Yesi Ortiz
Got some brand-new music
I need y'all to turn it up and let me know what you think

I was making Japanese
And she's watching DVDs
In Oakland, in Oakland
Now I'm driving up the 5
And she waits till I arrive
Everything, that I wanted
Only gotta drive for the moment
If you tell me "turn around," then I'm on it
For the moment, but you know me
You know how I get when I'm lonely
And I think about you and the moments
But everything you do is so Oakland, so Oakland

Foot on the gas
I'm just trying to pass
All the red lights
And the stop signs
I'm ready to go
Before I get to The Bay
Babe, that's a problem
Because I'm way too scared to call
And you might get me to stay, and oh

I don't really mind the drive
But I think I'd rather die
With my hands on two and ten
So I guess it all depends
On Oakland, on Oakland
And I'm nervous, truth be told
I never saw me growing old
And if I married you tonight
It would probably start a riot

Everything, that I needed
Now that I got you in your feelings
Everything you won't say, you tweet it
And a nigga don’t like that shit at all
So treated
Can we just roll with the feeling?
Can we just roll for a minute?
Wait a minute

But I'm really not ready, girl
That's a problem
Cause I'm way too scared to fall
And I know you choose to stay, and oh

All the girlfriends saying "here we go again"
Rich kid but he act like a gentleman
Last one didn't end like it should've been
Two dates and he still wanna get it in
And they're saying it's because of the Internet
Try her once and it's on to the next chick
X-O the O face on your exes...right?
And we can do the same thing if you wanna have at it
When your thoughts can't breathe and you thinking asthmatic
And you wanna be a mom and I wasn't mad at it
I was thinking 'bout me, I'd be really bad at it
Cause I'm thinking 'bout me, weeks in Dubai
Fourth of July, house in Kauai, yeah we can try
So let's try

Whoa
I took off my nine to five
But you still don't have the time to kiss me, just hit me
And if I left you all alone, would you still pick up the phone?
It's iffy, you miss me
I got furniture to move
And we'll both be thirty soon
The only one I know is you, so the fuck I'm supposed to do?

All she needed was some...
All she needed was some... All she needed was some...

At a Clippers game on the courtside
Watch a nigga shoot like a four-five
They mad at me too, I got more fire
Tia and Tamara in my bed, I'm a smart guy
I ain't fucking with you niggas like apartheid
Hits on my list, check my archive
I'm something so immaculate, instead of asking what's happening
Rather blast a Jackson 5 in the back of an Acura
Acting blacker than a Bernie Mac, two Charlie Murphys and Akon
The girls that you brought man, where are they from?
Where are they from? We were playing PlayStation
Why you standing there, say some, girl, say some
No, this ain't a vacation, this is my house, my house

Bought a new bath, 8K, nigga
Wanna take shots? AK, nigga
When I ball, I'm-a ball King James, nigga
Uncle Ben in my hand, make change, nigga
And I'm out of this world like Tang, nigga
That's a space bar, man, I hate y'all
You only come around when you want to play pool in my hot tub
Ice cream paint job in the garage
I had a ménage, and murdered the vag'
But, afterwards, it was awkward as fuck
Cause I'm nervous as fuck and could not get it up
I-I-I-I-I need a minute, cold water to the face
I-I-I couldn't finish, got the Uber from her place
On my porch smoking vapor, hit with the Sunday paper
Listening to the neighbors...

I'm on my ballin' each and every day
Asian girls everywhere, UCLA
You see me babe? You see me babe?

I'm on my ish... call it
I watch these haters take they shots like they were alcoholics
"What is he wearing? Somebody jack that fool's steeze"
If I'm a faggot spell it right, I got way more than two G's
Nigga I'm amazing, I'm a phenom
I'm assassin, I'mma kill y'all
I'mma say ma ma sa, ma ma coo sa
And this shit's closed now cause I ball too hard
And I'm cumming on her face, have I gone too far?
I don't know, who cares, I don't love that broad
And it's funny how these fake niggas always act hard
I'm a black star in a black car with a black card
They wanna knock me out
They tryin nigga
Realest motherfucker in the game like Tron, nigga
Forget these white girls
I need some variation
Especially if she very Asian
She got an ugly friend? Roll solo
Can I stay at your place? No hobo
Not my fault, man, these ladies love me
She's an overachiever cause all she do is succeed

Send me naked pics, I’mma Tumbl that
I’m the shit, been the shit, fuck a humble brag
Yeah we pushin’ that, and her pussycat
I got swag out my ass so I’m usin’ that
Texting with Olivia Munn, hopefully she’ll give me some
Or some Rosie Jones, man
Hoes is hoes is hoes, man
Racks on racks on racks, man
All I got is tracks, man
Sorry for my accent, but I’ve been practicin’
Everywhere ya go niggas blastin’ that Gambino
Niggas be like, "You ain't know?"
Bitches be like, "You ain't know?"
Met this fly Latino
Hope that she eighteen though
If she not, I’ll say that I got deep throat in Heathrow

Told me I was shit, but that shit couldn't stop me
Nigga still hungry, black Kobayashi
When I talk about you I hear a "Who?" like Horton
I was born for this shit, you a rappin' abortion
Can we hear the N-word one day and not get upset?
Can we try something new and not be suspect?
I don’t really know, we fucked up bad
You don’t wanna see my dudes when they get mad
I got a bunch of jackanapes at the back of me
That’ll lacerate anyone in the back of a matinee
And laugh while they masturbatin' all over your beaten body
Sick Boi forever, that Suburban Illuminati
Naw nigga, yeah, we never stop
No period like menopause
No period like, "Oh shit! Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"
"Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"

I'm in love when we are smokin' that la-la-la-la-la

Do what you want
I'm telling you
Let me into your heart

Can't stand it, backhanded
They wanna see us falling apart
You know that I love you
So let me into you

Do you really love me?
I'ma get you, girl, ahhhh!

This is the end of us
Sleeping with the moon and the stars
I know where you've been
You can see the sun

Oh, this ain't no bullshit
I really love you, girl
Oh, oh God

Girl you really got a hold on me
So this isn't just puppy love

I'm in love when we are smokin' that
Oh my God, I
Let me in
Girl you really got a hold, woo!

Where we were, kinda thing
Betcha crawl, all alone

Rec League, I ain't paying to ball
Y'all B-string like a broke guitar
And I still put it down like the family dog
Yeah, I murder some, I murder one
Explain it all, Ferguson
We ain't gotta sing the same old love song
Cut a white girl with the same black gloves on
Yeah, what you saying to it?
Old money look, no money don't do it
Make 'em turn around in their lane like a U-ey
And I'm only looking back if I'm looking at her booty
They wanna smoke niggas when they black & mild
So we acting out—okay, cool

Blue dream by the bouquet
'Til I'm blue-faced on a Tuesday
Can I have some?
"#NiggasBeLike", put a +18 on an e-vite
And I said what I felt, no re-write
Nah, nah, they can't hold me
June, July—drop something
I double dare you, I'm Marc Summers
I scorch winters, I burn autumns
Gut niggas, so Kurt Vonne
Elle Varner, got a crush on her
I gotta wait in line for that
Ain't nobody got time for that
Ain't nobody gotta rhyme with that
Too true like it's 2 Chainz
Blue blood like he both gangs

When we were coming down, they said it was too soon
I never had to lie, no, no, no, no
When we were coming down, they left us all alone
We're headed nowhere, nowhere
I know you've been around
I feel you in and out, how are you?
Do you sleep? Are you with me?
We used to be unspoken, now everything is broken
I'm a good son
You're a good son
You're a good son, oh
Oh, you're a good son

Free information, free information
Free information, free informa—

Arlanda, hotel to the bar
Young girl with an accent with her back bent
Ass out to the whole world
We can vibe out for tonight
Stepping outside for a light
No coke, and I just smoke vapor, no papers
Slow poke and I don't know 'bout photos
Let's go though...
How old are you, saying that you never date older dudes?
That's why I never wanna say no to you
The coldest dude to hold a groove with no kids
"I'ma walk out; wanna walk too?"
What about dude?
"Fuck him, I just really wanna feel something"

"It took me like five minutes to figure out
What voices those were, on the phone
But I figured it out..."

Is it real, cause you're online?

I'm a freaky bitch
I am five foot eight, 390
And I am a freaky bitch

Heathen, it's a struggle just to keep breathing
Existential asthmatic, puff puff pass addict
Craftmatic, making moves but they sleeping on me
We can kick it like it's FIFA, homie
Nevertheless, I got that fresh like it was Crest
Grind cause I'm stressed
TMJ or TMI, it's a lie that you're living
I never understood the hate on a nigga preference
When every marriage is a same sex marriage
Same sex everyday, monotonous
Lost God, never prayed, forgotten us
Lost love, never say just like our parents
Too much power ain't enough power
Brain splattered like I've fallen off a watch tower
And anybody can walk into any Denny's
And wait until I'm walking in it
With a gun that they 3D printed and finish it
Kinison said if you gonna miss heaven...
Why do it by two inches? Old money and new bitches

Getting next level in a hotel
Ain’t shit that we don’t need
Nigga oh well

And now that's it's over, I'll never be sober
I couldn't believe, but now I'm so high
Now I'm so high

Girl, what's your problem
Cause I know it's hard sometimes, baby just give it some time
Oh honey now girl, we can solve them
If you just give me some time I can open up your mind
If you le-le-let it shine, you can free-ee-ee your mind
Cause I know

Girl, if it's done right
Well you know it's got to be, something wonderful to me
Oh honey now girl, give it one night
If you just give it a chance, loving you is not my plan
Cause I know one day you'll see
All the things that we can be
No, no, no...

But now I'm so

Now I'm so high...

"Damn!"

Worldstar before rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince they about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
That's a first date, nobody think about it, worst case
Best case, we the front page, 10K on the first day
Yeah, mothafucka, take your phone out
To record this, ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals, tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy, when I hear that action, I'ma be Scorsese

Worldstar, worldstar

My girl ain't bad, she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine
Thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk
But I saw through it like a wet shirt
Drive slow cause you might swerve off it
Still eat and the hate so salty
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp
Where they fight cops 'til they stop, when I heard shots
Let me flash on 'em, we all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around
Money talking, you know the sound—brrrr
Money counter—brrrr, AK—brrrr
Cell phone—brrrr—Hello?

Like, it's like—"

All these haters
See you later
All that I could do
But you dont even feel me though
I know you know I know you got that power
That power
Oh, oh oh

So CG but a nigga stay real
Though I'm fly I'm ill I'm running shit
3-points, field goal
Rappers used to laugh like I tripped and fell
Cause I don't stunt a gold cross like I Christian bail
Yeah, they starin' at me jealous cause I do shows bigger
But your looks don't help, like an old gold digger
Uncool, but lyrically I'm a stone cold killer
So it's 400 blows to these Truffaut niggas
Yeah, now that's the line of the century
Niggas missed it, too busy, they lyin' 'bout penitentiary
Man, you ain't been there, nigga you been scared
And I'm still living single like Synclaire
Lovin' white dudes who call me white and then try to hate
When I wasn’t white enough to use your pool when I was 8
Stone Mountain, you raised me well
I’m stared at by Confederates but hard as hell
Tight jeans penny loafers, but I still drink a four dime
Staying on my me shit, but hated on by both sides
I’m just a kid who blowing up with my father’s name
And every black "you're not black enough"
Is a white "you're all the same"
Mm Food like Rapp Snitch Knishes
Cuz it's oreos, twinkies, coconuts, delicious
How many gold plaques you want inside your dining room?
I said I want a full house
They said, "You got it dude!"

Holla, holla, holla, holla at yo boy
Like yo dad when he's pissed off
Got flow, I could make a cripple crip walk
Niggas' breath stank, all they do is shit talk
People want a real man, I made 'em wait this long
Maybe if he bombs, he'll quit and keep actin'
And save paper like your aunt does with McDonald napkins
How'd it happen? Honesty did it
See all of my competition at the bodies exhibit
Yeah I bodied the limits and I deaded them fakers
Motherfuck if you hate it, cremated them haters
So, my studio be a funeral
Yeah, this is our year, oh you didn't know?
Uh, yeah I'm killin' you, step inside the lion's den
Man I'm hov if the 'O' was an 'I' instead
On stage with my family in front of me

This is on a bus back from camp
I’m thirteen and so are you
Before I left for camp I imagined it would be me and three or four other dudes
I hadn’t met yet, running around all summer, getting into trouble
It turned out it would be me and just one girl. That’s you
And we’re still at camp as long as we’re on the bus
And not at the pickup point where our parents would be waiting for us
We’re still wearing our orange camp t-shirts. We still smell like pineneedles
I like you and you like me and I more-than-like you
But I don’t know if you do or don’t more-than-like me
You’ve never said, so I haven’t been saying anything all summer
Content to enjoy the small miracle of a girl choosing to talk to me
And choosing to do so again the next day and so on
A girl who’s smart and funny and who, if I say something dumb for a laugh
Is willing to say something two or three times as dumb to make me laugh
But who also gets weird and wise sometimes in a way I could never be
A girl who reads books that no one’s assigned to her
Whose curly brown hair has a line running through it
From where she put a tie to hold it up while it was still wet

Back in the real world we don’t go to the same school
And unless one of our families moves to a dramatically different neighborhood
We won’t go to the same high school
So, this is kind of it for us. Unless I say something
And it might especially be it for us if I actually do say something
The sun’s gone down and the bus is quiet. A lot of kids are asleep
We’re talking in whispers about a tree we saw at a rest stop
That looks like a kid we know
And then I’m like, “Can I tell you something?”
And all of a sudden I’m telling you
And I keep telling you and it all comes out of me and it keeps coming
And your face is there and gone and there and gone
As we pass underneath the orange lamps that line the sides of the highway
And there’s no expression on it
And I think just after a point I’m just talking to lengthen the time
Where we live in a world where you haven’t said “yes” or “no” yet
And regrettably I end up using the word “destiny”
I don’t remember in what context. Doesn’t really matter
Before long I’m out of stuff to say and you smile and say, “okay”
I don’t know exactly what you mean by it, but it seems vaguely positive
And I would leave in order not to spoil the moment
But there’s nowhere to go because we’re are on a bus
So I pretend like I’m asleep and before long, I really am

I wake up, the bus isn’t moving anymore
The domed lights that line the center aisle are all on
I turn and you’re not there
Then again a lot of kids aren’t in their seats anymore
We’re parked at the pick-up point, which is in the parking lot of a Methodist church
The bus is half empty. You might be in your dad’s car by now
Your bags and things piled high in the trunk
The girls in the back of the bus are shrieking and laughing and taking their sweet time
Disembarking as I swing my legs out into the aisle to get up off the bus
Just as one of them reaches my row
It used to be our row, on our way off
It’s Michelle, a girl who got suspended from third grade for a week
After throwing rocks at my head
Adolescence is doing her a ton of favors body-wise
She stops and looks down at me
And her head is blasted from behind by the dome light, so I can’t really see her face
Then her and the girls clogging the aisles behind her all laugh
And then she turns and leads them off the bus
I didn’t know you were friends with them

I find my dad in the parking lot. He drives me back to our house and camp is over
So is summer, even though there’s two weeks until school starts
This isn’t a story about how girls are evil or how love is bad
This is a story about how I learned something and I’m not saying this thing is true or not
I’m just saying it’s what I learned
I told you something. It was just for you and you told everybody
So I learned cut out the middle man, make it all for everybody, always
Everybody can’t turn around and tell everybody, everybody already knows, I told them
But this means there isn’t a place in my life for you or someone like you
Is it sad? Sure. But it’s a sadness I chose
I wish I could say this was a story about how I got on the bus a boy
And got off a man more cynical, hardened, and mature and shit
But that’s not true. The truth is I got on the bus a boy. And I never got off the bus
I still haven’t...

I'm fly...

Man made the Web, you don't need a name
Man made of faults, I ain't too ashamed
Every thought I had, put it in a box
Everybody see it just before the cops
Trolling, trolling, trolling these niggas
Rick Rolling these niggas
They mad cause they don't know any better
"Hold up, it's the kid—quick, tell him he can't sit with us"
Fuck it, got money, bought friends like I'm TBS
VVS, I can see it all with the clarity
Real deep, hope they dig a nigga 'fore they bury me
Even though, we were told to go where they wouldn't go
Hella slow, that's that dial up, watch it pile up

Andrew Auernheimer
Pulling on her weave, it's that Andrew Auernheimer

We are the dreams of our parents lost in the future
Who hide the deepest desires and wear a mask like a lucha—
Door open, we were smoking in the hotel
The vapors went through the hallway
The manager pissed as hell
I mean where's the line between Donnie G and Gambino?
He hang with girls like he Lena
But needed some time to re-up
Tequila in the cantina, 30 dollars I swallowed
The Sauza so malo then she said "You need to grow up
You been doing this for too long
That Camp was a million years ago, sing me a different song"
Whether you're trolling or controlling, just a reminder
You think you get it, you don't, it's that Andrew Auernheimer
I'm gone—Now I'm back
Give a fuck or give 'em hell, just not a chance to react
Tyler Durden this burden, hurting
They said there was curtains
Certain demise, look in his eyes, the pain inadvertent
I could've stayed where I was and have a life you'd be proud of
But I'd rather chase things never thought of
It was all love, saying, "Go hard"
Making dope, it's a trap, Ackbar backfired
Panic dreams, so it seems we're meant to die
I had to figure it out; "It's the best," no, that's a lie
Had to get some stuff off my chest, I vaporized
High on my own, it took time to realize
Because the Internet, mistakes are forever
But if we fuck up on this journey, at least we're together
Man, I wish I could go back and tell that kid it's make-believe
Make 'em believe in themselves, people who needed my help
Feelings I felt, keeling myself
No one's ever been this lost
I just get the information retweet it or say it sucks
I just got the motivation, your talent's just a bunch of luck
Hard work and dedication, but lately it's run amok
Waking up in these places I don't remember
Texts from people I never met, doors left open
I don't know who I am anymore
Still on the beat though
Still in the game, but he moves with a cheat code
Slowest connection ever, my life inside a computer
Them bands that'll make 'em dance, my wallet's Lollapalooza
The violence, first-person shooter
First person to move, first person to speak
My mils aren't meek, they scream in the streets
Losing my frame of reference
These pieces of shit for breakfast
Funny, the day you're born, that's really your death sentence
I met this girl at a dinner, we conversating
She beautiful in the face, but her voice is truly amazing
Plus she write her own shit, becoming so close knit
Smoke up and talk in the evening, she helping me focus
No Anna Nicole Smith, she getting hers
Niggas take her props like a musical live and learn
She say she feel alone all the time, I'm similar
I meet her in my dreams on the moon, I visit her
"I wanna solve the world, I think I need your help"
She text me, "How you gon' trust somebody
When you don't trust yourself?"
I mean she right though, 45 like a light-bulb
And I could've died like my iPhone
But I kept going like a psycho
And I took chance like a dice roll
Dropping jewels like it's puberty
"You see what these labels do to me?"
Texts said, "I'm wet"; I said, "Hold up, wait up a minute"
H2O plus my D, that's my hood, I'm living in it
Never forget this feeling, never gonna reach a million
Eventually all my followers realize they don't need a leader
Stay on your own shit, fuck what these clones think
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don't stink
We were childish but had to grow up
When you spitting real shit eventually you throw up
Realities like allergies, I'm afraid to go nuts
Life's the biggest troll but the joke is on us
Yeah, the joke's you showed up

You're here now
You have to help me
I need you—you have to help me
Please help me
Please, please help me
Please—

Baby, you're the baddest
Baby, you're the baddest girl and uh
Nobody else matters
Nobody else matters girl and uh
We're kissing in the bathroom
We're kissing in the bathroom girl and uh
I hope nobody catch us
But I kinda hope they catch us

A New York nine's an everywhere else six
Timewise, the opposite goes for chicks
I'm in a taxi, texting with my best friend
He's sleeping with this girl that he met up on West End
He's lucky, she's a career woman, no kids
Most girls see the clothes and try and gold dig
Most hoes poke holes in Trojans
Most people don't fuck and hit the lotto but my folks did
I'm a mess
That don't rhyme with shit, it's just true
Don't bring your girlfriend here, it's just you
When I'm depressed you're someone I run to
But, I guess meet me at Pianos
They cross-fadin' off of Nanos
Ugh, on that hipster shit
And you's a hipster, bitch
Yo, but not in the lame way
Like, you ain't livin' out in BK
Like, you ain't workin' on a screenplay
Like, your baby daddy ain't a DJ
Like, she listenin' to old Freeway
Cause everybody listens to Biggie, but she different
Right, that’s why your friends need wristbands?
Fuck you
Can I have this dance?

We could pretend if you want to, like
We in love and started datin' at your art school
Cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time
Except for when I’m home workin' on your graphic design
Every time we see each other I'm takin' you home
Our relationship has gotten Sylvester Stallone
Yellow-911-Persian-girl-in-the-back car
But me writin' a verse would be the only way they buyin' a bar
White boys used to trip and send me over a gin
But they busy showin' off each other Indian friend
She got ironic tattoos on her back
That ain't ironic bitch, I love Rugrats
Watchin' lames handle they fame
They bang any broad with bangs
In a band with an animal name
Hannibal came drinkin' a handle of Jameson
Anallin' anyone is the plan for the evening
I'm kidding, stop
Girl cryin' on Ludlow
She still look good though
Love is Eastside, who are you to hate?
Movie ass, not a 10 but a Super 8
You ain't see me at the show, I was super great
Hotel penthouse, go on and let it ruminate
City never sleeps, so I guess I'm never slept on
Did everything I could, then I kept goin'

Ooh girl, I wanna know
Are you ready to cry? Cause I'm no good, no good
Ooh girl, I wanna try
I'm an awful guy and I'm always away
And I'm tryin' to say
I'm a piece of shit
Believe in this
I'm tellin' you
Cause we barely knew, what we had
I'm not that bad, the fun we had

Uh-oh
Ohhh no no no no
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more, oh
Love me better, kiss me back, listen more
Yeah, no no no

Face down in the brown grass
Shame shame on my brown ass
Birds in the trees as we run through
And if I'm dead to the world, what you gon' do?
What you gon' do? Like, "I can't remember"
Shots fired, rewind, please, girl, be mine
Email denied, talk to me baby
Before I go crazy, might do it maybe
We were so Jay Z and Beyonce, my aunt say "keep the sex game picante"
The Aunt May and Mary Jane that I was hitting on
To make me try and forget that there was something wrong
Love is Russian roulette, I had the safety on
We popped pills at the Coachella
Hold my head in the weeds, man I can't tell her
The fear that I feel man it might kill her
Man, it might kill her, it's the prep school mic killa'
With the drums and the groove so it feel Dilla
I don't care what he say
I'ma get my platinum back like I'm a half ton gorilla
You can hang with homie on the low
But your boy so weak like a week ago
But we ain't speaking though
We ain't speaking, we ain't speaking though

Tuesday afternoon, I ain't got shit to do
Love me better, kiss me back, listen -

The attitude
And I hope you understand
We were never friends
And I hope you understand now
But I miss them
Oh no no no

Cause everywhere I go
Everything I see
I just hope you understand

Alright it's Childish baby, Mr. Talk-About-His-Dick-Again
Nerdy-ass black kid, whatever man I'm sick of him
That well-spoken token, who ain't been heard
The only white rapper who's allowed to say the N-word
I buy a bunch of 'em and put it on my black card
Now I got some street cred, use it 'til it's maxed out
I got a girl on my arm, dude, show respect
Something crazy and Asian, Virginia Tech
She too fine, I do dimes
If not that, I'm walking out with two fives
Change my ID for the cops, it's not enough yet
Black male in short shorts, I'm double suspect
Ballin' since '83, half of 'em say he gay
Maybe that's the reason I like Lady What-babies-say
I'm a problem, I'm lame as fuck homie
But I rap like these niggas ain't got shit on me
Fuck the cool kids, not Chuck Inglish
But people who think that hatin on me makes them distinguished
Like, "What is this nigga doin? Rap is for real blacks
I hate that fucking faggot, man, he think that we feel that"
Or "I wrote on rape culture my junior year at Brown
So I'm allowed to say what all his raps are about"
You better shut your mouth before I fuck it
You really hate my lyrics now or Kid Cudi's? Nigga

Runnin this thang, money insane
Busy getting brain like Krang
What, what's my name?
In the woods, got these niggas usin' Mapquest
Man, fuck a backpacker

Niggas with OCD, N-W-O
All white like my clothes, CW shows
Nigga got signed, it's an anomaly
Man these niggas hate me
"Man, fuck you nigga...fuck you nigga!"
They real black like won't show up on your camera phone
They real black like turn the flash on your camera on
They real black take shit, turn it into gold
I'm real black I survive when the pressure on
Upper echelon, bit my lip when I'm kissin' her
Clash of the Titans, baby your tits is titular
Listenin to some Kiss FM, she wanna hear Nicki Minaj
"Super Bass," super face inside a garage
It's not a massage, spa rap with a happy ending
Old niggas wanna assassinate me
It's a shame, these kids was supposed to save rap
Fuck that, boat shoes and a wave cap
He don't give back, how the fuck a nigga say that?
Summer in November I gave everyone a Maybach
Comin' on that payback, comin' on that mace took
I'm comin' on that real shit, I'm comin' on her Facebook
Fuck a backpacker with a rhino's dick
I do me like a gyno chick, uh

Man, fuck these backpackers
Fuck these backpackers

Who would have thought this, we almost lost it
When you lie inside darkness, it's hard to see
And we sleep in tradition, keep 'em off in the distance
To tell you that I haven't been

We are all cold water
Why try at all? Why bother?

Just hold me close, my darling

Who would have dreamed this?
You couldn't mean this
It would be some type of meanness to where you are
Cause I don't know where to go
And no one else seems to know

We are all night's fallen
Why try at all? Dark calling
So we're left alone, no one left to call upon
Be still now, broken bones, as I travel on

Oh, we gon' have a party
All my friends will be there
We drink all the vodka
There's music everywhere
Do you like to party?
Cause if you don't
Don't come over here
We got smoking, Blue Dream
Drinking, cocaine, fucking
I wanna show you what it is

Thought I was done but that wasn't the case
Got a new stack that I threw in your face
Got a new girl and she look Mila Kunis
Infinity pool, and a statue that's Buddhist
Got bottles and bottles and bottles of Grino
Saw I was rich, now they fucking with 'Bino
Brown leather bag, the vacation Messina
The boat in the harbor, I rule the marina
10K for the drinks, now they say I'm insane
It's been that for a minute, now Hedi Slimane
I been black, lucrative, since Danity Kane
Who came back for a minute, now everything changed
High as a kite, lime in the light
Y'all niggas might whine every night
I ain't invite all these people to my mothafuckin' house
"Get the fuck out of my house!"

Yo, chill—
Hey, chill, man!

Let 'em speak, I know I'm meek but the mills louder
Watch the throne, kings kill when the prince feels power
It's the real deal, Holyfield, holy shit, holy grail
Silver spoon coon, young buffoon, yeah, they know me well
I'm makin' moves, couldn't lose, doin' Parker Lewis
Hot on my own, self-immolate, I could be a Buddhist
Hot on my own, check your tone, check your stance homie
You don't even like me, you just trynna get my fans homie
So nerdy but the flow wordy
Brain-freezin' with the flow slurpie
Ice cold but you know I burn cash like I had herpes
Not true, but I'm that dirty
Niggas quit bein' hot man, cold turkey
While I'm out in Kauai, man, soul searchin'
And these niggas be afraid and I'm so certain
Cause they don't know what to do when the world's broken
A lot of people try and go and talk shit but your girl stops me on the street
Like it's stop and frisk and a bunch of DDots wanna talk a lot of shit
But that's cool cause in the real world they really don't exist
It's all because the internet
Chance made millions, Haim made millions
Dan made millions, Kendrick made millions
I would too if I wasn't in my feelings

You know, cause like, people say money's not everything
But money, you need money to do what you wanna do
Like money is power, honesty is power, truth is power
But at the same time they tell you like

Ain't nothin' more important than the mula
You ain't really eatin' boy, you gotta get your food up
We so steady eatin' baby, you already know that
The way I'm droppin' new shit, I'm sittin' on the toilet
Every night I tour that, moment
But we don't take pictures, when you're rich you just see it again
The only thing they really worry about is me and the pen
Wrote some shit on Instagram, I'm just bein' honest
They tried to give your boy pills like I'm bein' violent
They tried to give your boy pills just to keep him silent
Keep tellin' people the truth, you could be iconic
They tried to give your boy pills, like "he's scarin' us"
Try to stay inside, I don't really like appearances
I try to stay inside, but they still got something to say
"Are you still on the show? Are you dating Jhené?"
It's deeper than that
Calico inside the handbag, I'm keepin' the cat
I got some niggas in reserve like I'm deep in Iraq
And I'm deepening rap, and it's deeper than rap
This is deeper than rap

Yo, let the beat play until the cake part comes in
I like that part, I like that part a lot
Cash rules everything around me
Yeah, I like this
Cake, cake, cake, cake, birthday cake
Black and white, yo that's a zebra cake
Pancakes, wedding cakes
That's all I wanted

Who the fuck, Gambino, this nigga on your TiVo?
My hotel cost a kilo, banking like a free throw
Fuck y'all, we A-Team, y'all plan B like Walgreens
Cop that shit and paint it black, niggas want they summer back?
Ha-ha, no way, hublots, Dolce
Beans in my hand, girl in the car
She still with her man, but she seeing me tomorrow
Homegirl on that Master P, watch us ball like referees
Unnecessary roughness? We just trying to function
Used to sport them Filas cause my cousin pack them heaters
We don't wife 'em like Khalifa, we just party then we leave 'em
Tell 'em that we hittin', we don't really see 'em
My girl look best when she only wear a fitted
Q and 'Bino in the house and you niggas in the senate
Get it?

Four thou' on my fit, that's unnecessary
Skiing in Japan, that's unnecessary
Molly on my rider, that's unnecessary
'Bino spit the fire, that ain't even necessary
That's unnecessary, that's unnecessary
Roll out on a plane, that's unnecessary
'Tussin and champagne, nigga that ain't even necessary

They said don’t buy the belt and I got it
They said don’t get the Rollie and I bought it
Nigga, I’m balling
My fucking mixtape can get you through college
Getting them dollars
Showing my pearly white teeth, I'm a nigga that’s flawless
Came a long way from dumping out Impalas
Same gun and pants, different ski mask from coppers
All of this copper
Knock knock, who could it be? Niggas know I got it on lock
Yawk, yawk - bitch rappers better move ‘fore them niggas get dropped
Mr. Flop boy, you got your label hot
I’m the hardest out, you's a table cloth
Unnecessary balling, I was carted off
Been fucking with my side bitch so much my main bitch can’t stand it
Hunned racks in three months, man this shit is outstanding
Seen a dollar go to stupid racks, billion, trillion
Nigga, that’s what I call building
‘Bino what it do, let’s go half on a million

Bathroom DVR, that’s unnecessary
Pushing in that bulletproof, that’s unnecessary
Stunting in the mall, that’s unnecessary
Condo on my arm, that ain't even necessary
That’s unnecessary, that’s unnecessary
Ibiza for a day, that’s unnecessary
Shows a hundred K, that ain’t even necessary

Black Lip Bastard
Actual natural disaster
I did a song about DMT
Soulja Boy did one right after
3 eyes, these guys ain’t seeing me
No radio showed up over B.o.B
G-O-D Emcee
I’m the devil with angel wings
Pilot Talk, currency
Stole the show, burglary
I love that flow but I got more
Open condoms in condos
Open bottles of Moet
White with white girls in Eugene
We used to call hoes on 3-way
And take 'em out to the movies
And now we just do it our way
She driving stick in the driveway
Just popped a molly with Miley
She do shrooms every blue moon
Hundred million trillion muthafuckin' racks nigga
Pinot grigio the lean’ll go in that nigga
Now that's unnecessary
Been a legend since elementary
Ayo, Bino, tell these niggas I ain't no joke
She don't need speak, she ain't giving no throat
You are under my control
Suspend the L's but I'm on a roll
Grade A, honor roll
Mayday, Soul!

You can't live your life on a bus...

EXT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - DAY

LITTLE BOY steps off. He's walking slow and somber

He holds out his hand for a high-five. The kid jumps, hi-fives him, and slides into the limo

The Boy and his father sit in silence for what feels like 8 hours

The Boy "shrugs"

The father laughs under his breath...but the laugh turns into a smh

Silence. Father stares at him, then looks out the window

EXT. MANSION - DAY

INT. MANSION - DAY

Father hangs up. His cell phone goes off

INT. BOY'S ROOM - DAY

The Boy stares. Then types "fuck u niggers" in the comments

He waits. He takes a bite out of his pop tart

He refreshes the page. People immediately respond with "Fuck U", "You wouldn't say that to my face faggot", and "LMFAO crackers b crazy"

The Boy smiles
...bec a use the in t e  rnet15 YEARS LATER

INT. THE BOY'S ROOM - EARLY MORNING

INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY

INT. KITCHEN - DAY

EXT. BACKYARD - EARLY MORNING

EXT. MANSION FRONT DRIVEWAY - MORNING

"...why do you even care?"

INT. GARAGE - MORNING

They get in the 911

EXT. SANTA MONICA CONDOS - DAY

The 911 pulls up to a nice condo complex. Fam honks the horn for a while. Like a jerk

Fam honks more
He was looking for something to retweet on his time-line. People say dumb shit all the time...
...someone tweeted "roscoe's wetsuit"

"...what's that?"

They all make a face

Fam honks the horn

Swank and Steve walk toward their car parked on the street

They drive off

EXT. DOCKWEILER BEACH - DAY

The guys carry the boards through the sand to ocean, making a strange pattern behind them

They setup camp and start changing on the beach

At that moment, they all notice a girl sitting on her board in the ocean. Waiting for a wave she looks behind her. She is black

It's gonna crush me

Marcus runs to the water with his board. They all follow

EXT. OCEAN - MORNING

Marcus swims up to the girl on his board

Silence. Sasha is weirded out. All the guys, except The Boy, swim up

Steve splashes Marcus
Swank takes a plastic bag with four blunts in it. He takes one out. He lights up a blunt. Talks with it hanging in his mouth

He passes it. She takes a hit

Sasha starts paddling and catches a wave into the beach

AJ thinks on this. This is probably saying more about him than he realizes

EXT. BEACH - MORNING
Sasha carries her board onto the beach. The Boy is sitting there

...roscoe's wetsuit

She starts walking

She walks off

EXT. I-10 - EVENING

EXT. CLUB - NIGHT

Fam and Cheese do that handshake thing they do. Fam walks in

Some guys in a black SUV rolls by and yell at the dude next to The Boy

The Boy watches this for a second. He looks down for a moment...

Someone has spray painted "roscoe's wetsuit" on the sidewalk. He stares at it

The Boy snaps out of it. Then takes out his phone and starts recording the fight. Fam walks out and sees the fight in action

POP. POP

..what's happening?

Jay is bleeding from his stomach. The Boy is seeing this through his phone. It takes a moment for him to realize-
...run. now
Fam is already running. Everyone in the line is screaming and running. The Boy runs

The Boy felt something

It's funny, cause this dude is dead. There really isn't a connection...it's more him seeing himself for the first time since-

The Boy turns and sees the car rolling up to the alley he's hiding in. The Boy runs up and jumps in. They speed off

INT. CAR - NIGHT

The Boy is looking at the footage on his phone. He's got a death on video. It's looped. Over and over

The Boy touches his shearling coat...there's a hole in it. Bullet hole? He puts his finger through...

He looks at Fam and Steve. They're talking

The Boy just keeps watching the video

INT. JAZZ CLUB - NIGHT

Fam and The Boy Stand in the back. Doc is on stage playing saxophone with a band. He's doing a solo

The Boy fiddles with the hole in his jacket

INT. MANSION - NIGHT

All the guys walk in with plastic bags from the grocery store. They have blue cups, alcohol, s'more fixings, and gummy bears

If I was the director, I'd have everyone walk in in slow motion into the house with "Nosetalgia" by Pusha T playing

Walking into bedrooms. Opening drawers. Pulling out bags of weed

AJ walks into his large closet. Pulls out a bowl. There are some prescription bottles there too

A naked Marcus steps out of the shower and goes in his closet and pulls out some condoms

Fam is meditating in the center of his bed. He's floating off the bed by about 4 inches

Rainbows, sunshine, everywhere we go
Rainbows, sunshine, go

Rainbows, sunshine

I thought I told you 'bout it
You don't leave home without it
She on my back about it
C3PO, C3PO, C3PO
And all the time

How could you ever question?
They know better to mention
The Budget truck ain't just enough to make her pay attention
The who, what, why, and where
They sport the flyest pairs, she got the nicest hair
And she know life is better Qith this nigga
It's crazy how the world look different
It's crazy how the girls look different
The colors and the sounds so vivid
You never catch your boy po-pimpin'
Me sittin' on the sidewalk, now that don't sound right
But as long as I look fly by prom night—go

Jhene Aiko's angelic harmonizing

He slangs, his yay, through the corridors
Every day, 20K, yep, at the very least for sure
And they say there's no way
I should stay with someone like you, but I tell them no
There's no way I could stray
Gotta stay with someone like you
Cause I know one day
You could take me away, far away
I know you could pay
All the money you made, there'll be plenty of sunshine

I never worry 'bout it
I have my nigga count it
She's dressed up in gold
Dressed up in gold, C3PO, C3PO
I'm out of time
Act like you know

See now I don't wanna see an era, an era, an era
See now I just wanna live forever, and ever
Maybe it's the last night

When the world was discerned with this and that
I was young, didn't know to hold it back
Now we here and the world is something else
We could leave any day you call for help
We were gods, nobody was above me
That "A" on my chest like adultery
That "A" on my chest, put your fist up
That "A" on my chest like a chipmunk
Alvin, Theodore, breathe in, breathe out, mi amor
Breathe in, breathe out, nevermind
It was time, number nine, lies
Feline with a deathwish
E-vite didn't help shit
No name on the guest list
Hold on, we were destined

Maybe it’s the last night

All that I have
All I don't have's the future
Take on my soul
All night

Yeah, break free from all of the insides
They godless, denied us
But we don't give a, about the next day
We were never here, never know if the world change
Common sense, the consequences
Retweet the truth then regret the mentions
We are the wireless survivors of things gone
Slaves to the unnamed, never live long
Live and die by the line, never know fear
Even I won't survive, is it unfair?
Is it unfair? Cause I don't care
When I step on that ant on the grass
Progress the only thing that will last
3005, the year that we fear, only God will survive
To be alone is alive

See now I don’t wanna see an era, an era, an era
See now I just wanna live forever and ever

She got that body, oh me oh my
Send them pics to my phone, GPOY
GPOY

What the fuck do y’all niggas really want?
I went with realness instead
But all the real niggas I know either crazy or dead
Yeah, I dropped the free EP for these other kids to feel a lot
Niggas keep asking on whether this dude’s for real or not
I’m not trying to come hard, I’m trying to come me
That’s why these older songs that I used to make I’d release free
What’s the point of rap if you can’t be yourself, huh?
That’s why I come first like my cell phone
I’m a role model, I am not these other guys
I rap about my dick and talk about what girls is fly
I know it’s dumb, that’s the fucking reason I’m doing it
So why does everyone have a problem with talking stupid shit?
Or is it real shit?
‘Cause sometimes that stupid shit is real shit
Like when you make out with your best friend’s baby sis
You know the one with short hair you used to babysit?
You with a different girl like each and every fucking night
And kiss her while she’s sleeping and sneak out the front to catch a flight
That’s not life, dude
It's just making up for fucks I missed in high school
I keep it wrapped until I meet the right one
’Cause I ain’t Mumford, I ain’t tryin’ to have sons
All I wanted was some more like Ashton
I ain’t the coolest but I know I got passion
I got passion!

I really wanna do her right and it doesn’t matter
We’ve got all the shine we need to find

“Baby, I’m okay” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on the edge.” She said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”
I said, “Baby, I’m on edge.” Said, “Why you gotta act so strange?”

Am I serious? I don’t even know
Are you hearing this? This shit is laughable
I ain’t trying, I’m doing, these other rappers are foolish
I got fame, my A&R’s a computer
Is there room in the game for a lame who rhymes?
Who wears short shorts and makes jokes sometimes?
My nigga like, “I’d get you MTV if I could, man
But Pitchfork only likes rappers who crazy or hood, man”
So, I guess we gon' see
I ain’t Curren$y, but if there ain’t money in my name please murder me
Sometimes I feel like I ain't supposed to be here
Sometimes I wake up, I don't want to be here
My mom loved to text me Psalm verses
She don’t look at me like I’m the same person
I used to be the sweet one, but things change
And I don’t want her missing a son like Bon’s last name
And all my uncles alcoholics, shame on me
I drink whiskey till I’m grounded, no TV
I wanna go inside the club with no gold piece
And walk in with no I.D. and No I.D
No matter how far the hood seems
We all still got hood dreams
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team
But alone is exactly how I should be

We need to find

I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
I've been grindin' my whole life, Rosenberg
I've been grindin' my whole life, Fam
Yo, let me see, yo, uh

Stuntin' on the low so they feel better
Damn, why they hatin' on a real nigga?
East side Atlanta where they kill niggas
I was in a coma but I stayed with you
I'll be right by your side, radio play me that new 3005
Bino won't die, illest rapper alive
See what's up with Fredo when I'm out in the Chi
Murder everything I touch, but I don't know why
And he can get the business, your girlfriend love me
Turn it up, who is this? Shots at your fitted
Gra-ta-ta, are we not that fly?
Are we not young God, is this not black excellence?
I could lie to you people but my soul too sensitive
Gam-b, y'all ain't got shit on me, man I'm so fly, like XYZ
Threat to the throne, man, I'ma murder this
You are such a poser, you ain't ever heard of this
Shots at you fake boys walkin' 'round in turtlenecks
And a du-rag? Wanna be me so bad
And the hair so homeless, record labels want us
Bino well read, like Octobers
Hit me on my Snapchat, hit me on my Nextel Chirp
Run up on them boys, get murked
Nigga sit down, he can't stand me
Curly black hair, bright pink panties
Blush on the vanity, tanner with her ass out
We don't have to love each other, she just wanna cash out
Stone Mountain bitch, run it off a mixtape
This is for my niggas up in Onyx getting shitfaced
He just dropped a mixtape, she got so excited
Took her to a Clippers game and niggas ain't invited
Drugs on the rider, need to clean my act up
Man, I thought he was an actor
Thought he was a fuckin' joke, when I wrote them fuckin' notes
Everything I do is dope, I hope you niggas overdose
I hope you niggas hear the truth, so honest in my interviews
If Parker Lewis couldn't lose, I'm blackin' out at Tongue & Groove
Royalty, I run the crew, we them boys

Yo, I've been grindin' my whole life, nigga
Nah I'm talkin' 'bout?
I'm just sayin' I'm grindin' my whole life, nigga
Nah know I'm talkin' 'bout?
Yo, I got some more, I got some more, yeah, yeah
Let me see, Imma try and go in, uh, uhm

Mothafuckin' right, we the niggas huffin' OG
In the club tryna keep it low key, she was all on my D
Then we fell out of it
Cause I'm never really there and she tired of it
Real nigga shit, real love, real pain, real intimate
These niggas so scared, I'm killin' it
So serious, gave the wrong young niggas money
They gave the wrong young niggas money
Gave the wrong young niggas money
Schoolin' these niggas, got so many zeros they think I'm a dummy
Unlike these other niggas, man I'm really from Atlanta
This dark-skinned art student with light-skinned advantage
I'm ahead of my time, online messiah
Who spits so much fire that you a God damned liar
If you say he ain't hot, numbers don't lie
Niggas do though, when they say he ain't cold
Niggas need to learn code, man I'm sick with the Python
Mothafucka I'm ill
Born just to die, that's the human curse
The world in my words, spit a universe
I know they hate a nigga down in Spin Mag
Worst album, best song, how you spin that?
The best part is that they love Chance
But our fans are the same, you should fuck with your man
And I wonder what they'd say if that EP drop
"His verse was wack, his verse was hot"
I'm on my jock cause I don't need these hoes
They're all the same so I don't need these clothes
Same white shirt with his nappy ass hair
Like "bitch do I look like I care?"
Nah, in the end they will notice that we've been God
I watched these niggas switch jerseys when your team lost
And yet it's bitch move nigga, make the show 6 figures
Then you fly to Kauai for a week off
And his girl's body lookin' like a centaur
They do what they can, I do what I want
Let's move it along, the point of this song
I think you doin' fine all the time, drop a fuckin' bomb, nigga Vietnam
On my mom with my hand to God
So my hand's on my fuckin' chest
But you didn't notice
Niggas hang around like we didn't notice
Niggas can't help me but they want a selfie
Cause their girl is a fan and they really love us?
Know behind closed doors
You fuck with the kid or you still not sure?
Be a man about it
Don't talk your shit and shake hands about it
Be a man, I doubt it, I don't know

I've been grindin' my whole life

Yeah nigga, it's me again
I'm still around, I guess I win
You hear me in your sister's room like all the time
Gambino Girl forever on that bracelet that she bought online
To dudes who couldn't take it, might I say, "hasta luego"
Cause I'm taking all your city like I'm Carmen San Diego
I'm smoking, I'm on fire
I am blazin', don't get hurt
To my white dudes it's a concert
To my black nerds this is church
From that NYU dorm to The Emory
Everyone hated me, I'm more hip hop than you'll ever be
Im bustin', bustin' bustin', bustin' on these niggas man
And nothin, nothing nothin, nothin is the same again
You lookin dumb as hell man for ever sleepin' on him
Your girl is not around, she busy sleepin on him
Will he fail?
Now that's the wrong conversation
Terry Gross on the mic, I'm the talk of the nation, uh

Hey, what it do bitch?
Why these other rappers do shit stupid?
While they be sleepin' I be onto that new shit

New shit
You didn't know?
Black rock like a fuckin' LOST episode
Somethin' for these black kids to call they own
So when you skatin' in your driveway, you not alone
She stay down like that new coat that I bought her
And the fly Rihanna girls be drinkin' my coconut water
And I'm lookin' at her butt
Thats that 20/20 hindsight
Donald Glover, no relation
Always workin', no vacation
They couldn't feel me, no vocation
Murder verses the only motive was motivation
Money equals freedom
I've wanted this since a three-year-old
I've seen it all, like I'm John Mayer's penis hole
Bein' me, that's something that's so unusual
I've seen the future, and the future go

Can't you hear me baby?
Can't you hear me callin' out your name?
Oh, can't you hear me callin' out your name?

Turn on the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y’all to see this
Know what I mean, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the—

Hollering at this Japanese girl, Asian mommy
But is it too soon for Japanese girls? Too tsunami?
Is it racist if I say she tastes like edamame?
Was I supposed to stay uncool? Please remind me
Yeah, it’s Cheezy, ho
I’m so cheesy, ho, my swag’s got high cholesterol
I know y’all girls, I met them all
You're her ex-man like Cannonball
I ain’t got shit to say to ya, I’m known for bad behavior
Look at me
Man, I went to the W from Double Tree
Makin’ out with girls who black and yellow like a bumblebee
Can I live up to all this hype they have for me? It’s hard to tell
But these girls I’m kissin’ chase the blues away like Gargamel
I’m back in the game, coach put me in
T-Pain flow, all I do is win
With a glass full of Macallan to mess me up
And the cash we can throw at them unless we fuck
Dopeness
After this I hit the highway
I’m headin’ west like I’m fuckin’ blowin’ Kanye
Read the fuckin’ news, Huey Lewis, nigga
You can’t go H.A.M, you’s a Jewish nigga
Donald Glover, you don’t have to call me "Childish"
Except for when I’m flirting with your half-Latino stylist
Photoshoot, beach house playin’ Beach House, free wireless
So I can post these pictures on my website of her smilin’
I kissed this girl I’ve liked since back when I was just a sophomore
But I’m afraid to text her “What the fuck it take so long for?!”
What the fuck has changed? Is it swagger? Is it money?
I still dress the fuckin’ same and my nose is still as ugly
As the day you fuckin’ met me
They tellin’ me I’m the rapper for these white kids
‘Cause black kids can’t possibly like the same shit
I wanna bring you back to the studio, try and get your number
These black girls with natural hair who keep up with their tumblrs
I like it when you tweet me, you smell like baby lotion
I wanna suck your breasts and finger blast to Frank Ocean
Her pussy tastes like vanilla, tasty ho
Clown niggas then I kill ‘em, Gacy flow
It’s crazy how these labels and these blogs are on my dick
Fuck, but I am sick, seriously, I don’t feel so good
‘Cause I don’t get sleep, and I’m always travelin’
And I don’t go home, and my friends don’t call
‘Cause I turned off my phone
I’ve made mistakes, I bumped my head
Inside of this girl, inside of my bed
Whatever, man, I’m just havin’ fun
I’m sorry that I fucked her but now you know that she’s not the one
I’m doin’ you a favor, like every time I rhyme or write a script or do a movie
There’s a million ways to shine, choose one
Instead of what you’re doing tonight
IAMDONALD, coming soon, we've got all of the lights

Uh uh
Yeah we gon' get it
Yeah

We can go together
It doesn't really matter
We can get there
We can do it if we try
Put no one else above you

Young Bino in the house like an B&E
Why I'm looking so fly, I'm just being me
Moved up, weed
In my girl clutch
White girls so
The twelve never really searched
Smoke cars, swear to god
She need a bigger purse
Royalty, I'm the boss, we ain't gotta work
Lay it out on the island
She Hawaiian, wonder if she let me slide in
The OG making noise like a firetruck
Flew in, touched down
Then we light 'em up
I've been saying that the clique
There's a lot of us
They talk shit
But nobody else on top of us
Got popular
This the real shit
Get ... in the face
With a full clip
Get ... in the aim
Niggas don't slip
Then get ...
With a case just for sellin' it
I know them gorillas
I hang with them killers
They paint 'em as villains
When really they livin'
We gotta ball
This is world war three
I'm the new Jay-Z
I ain't write shit down
I'mma steal that crown
I'mma do that thing
Girl you sweeter than mango
How we cool and confident
With hair like Django
How we walk in the room
And the girls they notice
'Cus they know you bogus
I'm the man you noticed
And...

I'mma show you how to do this
It's easy when you
Let go, let go
Didn't mean to make you nervous
The booty lookin' retro retro
You can be the moon to me
And if you think I'm ballin'
You shoulda seen me last night, last night
Fuck that, fuck ya'll and the po-po's
Down under, surfin' on the Gold Coast
I'm looking for the truth in a blunt
And I ain't got a home
Let's stunt
So baby if you feel like you wanna leave
I ain't afraid to drop a couple skymiles
The game ain't easy
We both deserve a little bit of timeout

*Cough*
'Kay, one, two, three, go!
Oh, hey
Oh, hey, ah
One more time

It seems like they all want me to fail
But I’m not going back
Not going back, baby
Please tell me you don’t want me to fail
‘Cause I’m not going back
Not going back

I could've been a tragedy
That’s why these fake niggas who call me pussy are mad at me
‘Cause they ain’t have the smarts or the heart
Ain’t you read the fuckin’ book Things Fall Apart?
I was never gonna stay the same
All I ever really wanted was to change the game
Spent the year kickin’ ass and takin’ names
Try to tell it to your heart, Taylor Dayne
Mama told me I was special when them test scores came in
Callin’ me the new Will Smith, that’s Jaden
Callin’ me a faggot when I’m rappin’, that’s hatin’
I need to slow down, what the fuck is y’all sayin’
Step inside the party, y’all niggas is mood killers
I’m the boss, Michael Scott, y’all bitches is just Phyllis
Set the world on fire, y’all motherfuckers is chillin’, what is this
That’s why these fuckin’ MCs want their asses back
Don’t you know that I’m a rapist, ask a track
Whiskey-sippin’, wanna drink the whole bottle
But these smart middle-class black kids need a role model
Fuckin’ hate me, that’s what I’m used to
Suck a dick, we the shit, Metamucil
God damn, man, there’s gotta be a better way
Than pill-poppin’ all these drugs so I can stay awake
Like I’m Jessie in this bitch, I’m so excited
There’s a party at the top, you ain’t invited
But it’s lame, and all the bitches is fake
You think about your old girl and how breakin’ up’s a mistake
Black dudes assume I’m closeted or kinda gay
White people confused like girl on Glee and Gabourey
IAmDonald is a full-time job
These niggas want me to fail so they can write me off

Dirty girls love my dick; they’re cockroaches
Jewish girls eat my meat, it’s not kosher
Relax, black chick, I think that I have offended thee
Got nothin’ against the sistas, I just don’t think they’re into me
Yeah, bitch, cut the swag with a fuckin’ knife
I come hard like my life keep her pussy tight
It’s cool, though, it’s all good
You want a dude who keep it real, and stay hood
I’m sorry, babe, but I act me
I don’t act Black, whatever that be
I’m just happy these girls seem into me now
Yeah, they lookin’ for some In N Out, animal style
With this lettuce, cheese, bread, makin’ sandwiches
That’s why you niggas fail like all of your parents’ marriages
Ran into Rashida Jones, told me that she heard my song
When I called her mixed like the crowd at my last show
She said to write her somethin’ nice on the next track
But she cute, so I wrote her ass a whole rap
Man, I threw that shit away, it felt dumb
Believe me, it was bad, we’re better off, you’re welcome
I worked hard on that song like day and night
That whole song, made this one verse crazy, right?
I guess it all goes somewhere, you know that
Like that bullshit you talked before Culdesac
I didn’t know he had it in him
Couldn’t see me as Spider-Man, but now I’m spittin’ venom
Now you payin’ attention, pick your fuckin’ face up
When I wanna be a superhero I just wake up
Renaissance man with a Hollywood buzz
I refuse to go back to not likin’ who I was, because

Fake love, these fake dreams
These fake sounds
All the things that we felt
Your voice was screaming too loud
I know what you’re ready to be
But it isn’t with me
So I’m ready to leave you alone
I don’t really wanna fight like this
I don’t ever wanna lose your kiss
All I ever wanted was someone to hold on to
I just wanna be your girl
Everything you haven’t heard
Plus, I just wanna be with you

If we were kids
I'd want to give you everything that you would want
Those other boys
They give you toys, but all they wanna do is
Keep up
Keep up, keep up, keep up
That's all I want, keep up
Keep up with me, keep up

I guess I'm fucking now
I'm getting used to it
It's cause I shine, and I ain't gotta use a crucifix
Fuck the fussing and fighting and arguing to this and that
And "Why you bein' mean to me Donald?" I never text her back
I know it's comin' quick, wishin' I could fast forward
Tell these "nice girls" they're the reason that I'm an asshole
Omega to alpha male because of that dollar bill
When I worked the mail room I ain't have a shot in hell
I called her ass for two months and heard shit from her
These girls couldn't care less when the chips under
The chips are up and on my shoulder, you heard me?
I take it out on girls who don't even deserve it
The girls I tried to hit last year, I still might
Karma's a bitch who doesn't suck, but I still like
If we were kids I had the black K-swiss and reebok
If we were kids I wouldn’t act like this but we not

You made a mistake
These dudes man you bathing in apes
Finding you is like finding Asians I hate
But they say I got a fetish, nah I’m skipping all of it
Black or white girls always come with a set of politics
That’s all I was saying
I’m a proud man
They wanna holla when they see your name on SoundScan
Her name Mercedes but she push a brown Focus
And she’s doing coke in front of me, but act like I don’t notice
"There any breakage in that Trojan?"
She see what she wanna see
So I make her take Plan B in front of me
Women talk shit on men like all day
But it's Pete Wentz, goes both ways
They too busy stabbing hoes like OJ
They too busy trapping pros like Kobe
The only thing I put before me is do re
If you had told me the truth we’d be ok

It’s alright
It’s okay
It’s okay girl

Now when they see us on the streets
All they wanna do is take pics
And when they hear us on the beat
All they wanna do is make hits
And if you're feelin' how I'm feelin'
Fire like I’m third degree, and suddenly
Shawty, we got so high
Firefly

Skateboardin' down at Washington Square
Lookin' for quarters
Maybe afford a falafel for dinner, ugh
I’m so broke man, scholarship apologin'
Facebook messages from college kids who hollerin'
Girls like, "we love you, we go to LSU
You gotta do a show so we can come and molest you"
This rap stuff is magic
I used to get called "Oreo" and "Faggot"
I used to get more laughs when I got laughed at
Oh you got a mixtape? That's fantastic
But everybody thought it was jokes though
They half right, the joke is
I got flow so don't act like
You ain't sittin' there with your friends like, it can't be
I know Donald Glover, he weak man, he campy
I'm still knocked down, but I up the ante
Me and hip-hop, that black Sid and Nancy, let 'em know

It's hard to make Hov the footsteps you followin'
Especially when your niggas look like Carlton
The pretty girls usin' skin so soft
Only be likin' black dudes with their hats broke off
Nigga you act too soft
Fuck you! I'm from the projects
My mom was just workin' to give me options
No live shows, cause I can't find sponsors
For the only black kid at a Sufjan concert
"Yeah so, whatcha gonna do man?
You won't speak to the hood, man"
If I was given one chance I think I could, man
These black kids want somethin' new, I swear it
Somethin' they wanna say but couldn't cause they embarrassed
All I do is make the stuff I would've liked
Reference things I wanna watch, reference girls I wanna bite
Now I'm firefly like a burning kite
And you's a fake fuck like a fleshlight
Even dudes who like me straight lookin' at me crazy
Like, how the hell he drop a EP and meet Jay-Z?
Girls used to tell me I ain't cool enough
Now text me pics sayin', "You could tear this up"
I don't really like shades, big rims, or jewelry
But gettin' time of day from a model is new to me
Bein' me isn't as hard as it used to be
Now everyone sing the chorus man, you do it so beautifully

Words that I made up, you say my name like

Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

Childish Gambino got that swagger
All these pussy niggas 'round here don't matter
All that I know is that I wanna dance with ya
Move in closer before I'm gonna kiss ya
Know that you know me, don't act stupid
You seem different, tired of these groupies
I'm on fire, won't find figga
Got big shots saying, "That's that nigga"
Hovy with glasses, Weezy but geeky
Girls in the lobby tryin' to meet me
I ain't afraid to say it, yeah I love these hoes
And their glasses, and their jacket, and their hipster clothes
Yes, I'm always on tour, what you mad at that for?
Slamming that thing like a Cadillac door
I love fast women, Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Have your cake and eat it, baby it's your birthday

"It ain't tricking if ya" you know, "baby, I" you know
Mama, you are with the right man, Juno
Tell me what you wanna do, I will make it happen
I just wanna get you home and uh, uh, uh, uh, oh
Yes, I'm drinking whiskey, baby I am gone tonight
NBC is not the only thing I'm coming on tonight
Gross, why the fuck I say these things?
It isn't over, haven't heard the chubby lady sing
Everybody love me, call a nigga Raymond
These weak niggas always in your face like Raybans
Yes, I bring the heat, girl, fire for fireman
Baby, I'm your hero, Donald for Spiderman
I'm in love with you, but this is not tennis
And baby stay stacked like she bad at Tetris
Rude boy, I Rihanna that vagina
Tell your boy, good luck tryin' to find ya, find ya

Picking out my fro with my fist comb
I got a tab at the Stone baby, this long
My little brother was having a little trouble
I hope that he doesn't care that it's in this song
Koreatown lunchin', talking 'bout how to run things
He said Atlanta wanted something
Waka, Jeezy, and Future got the streets locked down
Copycats making sure Tip keep that crown
I'm fucking 'round with the truth, went to see The Roots
Quest brought me back on stage in a suit
I went hard cause niggas say that I'm soft
Even Black Thought thought I maimed it a little hard, I gotta be honest
Feeling like the other stuff is kinda behind us
Making jokes here and there done got us some dollars
I'm tryna show the whole world what it is and it ain't a game
He said homie stay the course, ain't shit changed
Weird night and everybody was tipsy
Hanging out with Questlove reminiscing 'bout Whitney
He like, "Man, we can't even make it to 50?!"
That reminds me - I sent a long text message to my mom and pop
I got the same speech when I left 30 Rock
My mom like "Why you wanna leave a good job?"
My dad like "Do your thing, boy, don't stop"
Shout out to my nigga Lud, shout out to my nigga Swank
For hanging at the crib and telling me what you think
Speak from your heart and never compromise what you feel is real
And never let these white people tell you how to feel
Never let anybody tell you how to feel
I wanted what they had back in the fourth grade
Family vacas, you know I did it all
Just to see my little sis by a waterfall
My great granddad bought his own freedom
Walk barefoot to Virginia to start his own peanut farm
So don't be alarmed - man I'm royalty
Jam of the week, V103
No cosign, no bovine
More swag, pull back on the punchlines
Starving, every track means lunch time
I'm a star, how could I not shine?
Fuck boys chase hype and scrat chicks
DG Lover ain't nothing to fuck wit'
D-Money ain't nothing to fuck wit'
And what's a leader if he isn't reluctant
Too bad for y'all, I'm blasting off
I'm not Asher Roth, I don't sleep on my bread
Dick riders stay close, I might flash a ball
Sometimes, all this shit make a nigga feel guilty
I used to sleep with them roaches
Back of my mind though, I hope the show gets cancelled
Maybe then I can focus
Hawaii touch down, go ahead baby put your shades on
East Side! East Side to the gravestone!
Brown liquor, but my girl in Bed-Stuy
Nigga, you got Drive like a sale at Best Buy
Hold up, hold up, we can do better
Put my voice on the track, man that shit is much wetter
At the studio at 8 AM
Hit the booth then eat, nigga we ain't them, nigga we ain't them!
Drop a line, it's your Facebook status
Said that shit about a week ago, you still mad at us
If there's something on your chest, nigga let it out
Cause I'm the best - da da da

Ooh, I want it, yeah
Whenever you need my hand
I'll hold you down, oh
Ooh, you want it, yeah
Why in the fuck these niggas
Tryin' to hold me down, oh
Yeah, uh
Try and hold me down, ohh

"You such a fuckin' lame!"
It's what they used to yell back in seventh grade
My momma said she'd get me that new jacket
When the cost go down
Hit the office, stole some Tommy Hill from lost and found
Not bad for a family of foster child
Lookin' fly man, I'm flossin' now
But them niggas saw through me
"Are you serious? What is this?"
Took the jacket off third period, ellipsis
Listening to "Sky Is the Limit" on my Walkman
Thinking if Biggie can make it through it, man then I can
Dope-boy swag, I always wanted that
But my persona was always more of that Arthur Ashe
But no love for the son of a commuter who was a radio head
And okay at them computers at the post office
It's funny how you smoke niggas then you start coffins
All my people need throat lozenge
My fear is dead, ambition drove the hearse
But niggas got me feelin' I ain't black enough to go to church
Culture shock at barber shops cause I ain't hood enough
We all look the same to the cops, ain't that good enough?
The black experience is black and serious
Cause being black, my experience, is no one hearin' us
White kids get to wear whatever hat they want
When it comes to black kids one size fits all

We the baddest nigga
We the baddest nigga, you hear me?
We the baddest nigga, we the baddest nigga
We the baddest nigga, we the baddest

The reason that they say I'm nothin' what they seen or heard's
The same reason Will Smith always opposite Latino girls
They only see you how they wanna see you
'Til you make them see you in some other way
I'm trippin' off the other day
Cause God knows what these white kids say and do
Dude you're not not racist
Cause The Wire's in your Netflix queue
Subtle racism, it's hard to pin it cause you'd only understand
If you were me for just a minute
This one kid said somethin' that was really bad
He said I wasn't really black because I had a dad
I think that's kinda sad, mostly cause a lot of black kids
Think they should agree with that
If you're a father, you should stick around if you could
Cause even if you're bad at it, you could Tiger Woods or MJ
We warriors, we all need senseis
Change everything that we've done so far
I don't mean makin' B.E.T. T.E.R
I mean just the way that we see each other
"James Franco is the white Donald Glover"
Yeah, these niggas wanted Cookie
But instead I gave 'em Loch Ness
Sick Boi for life, my swag is in a hospice
Aimin' for the throne, Jay and Ye said to watch that
They ask me what I'm doin', I say I'm stealin' rock back
Nigga

Try and hold me down, oh

Who's in love with you now?
I swear to God, I swear to God I am
Nobody really wants you

First off let me say I'm drunk off of shitty wine
So I'll probably use the B word a couple times
I used to love your fucking mouth, you had enough of mine
But what's the reason for, you never gave me any sign
When we were making out you kind of act like it was nothing
Like you were doing it to prove you could do it or something
You know I'm fine with getting fucked by girls who are my friends
You fucked me in a different way, I guess it all depends
Texting on my day off, "Hey babe what's going on?"
"Sorry I can't make it out", sad face emoticon
It's funny how I see you with these bad boys you hanging on
I told ya I'm a soldier need a girl scout to tag-a-long
Face down ass up, that's the way you left me
I thought there was a spark but we were missing Lisa Leslie
"You know it's fucking childish to write a song to get me"
I'm always fucking childish you knew that when you met me

You ain't that fine bitch what the fuck you heard?
I love these shitty ass chicks I guess I'll never learn
I hate it when you think you really getting something good
And you don't listen to your dudes when you really should
I got so many fucking girls I can't even count 'em
There's probably six or seven girls who think this song's about them
Never kiss in public but at home I am affectionate
Fucking bitches left and right my dick is ambidextrous
I know you probably texting this lyric to your friends
Saying "This nigga think he all that. He fucking sucked in bed", well uhh…
I think we both know that I worked that ass
I hope your dude can keep it stretched, yoga class
I'm trying hard not to use a specific reference
But you'll probably know that it's you after the first sentence
So let me quit while I'm ahead like a penis tip
If I never was in love with you I hope you know I'm meaning it

Nobody really wants you, wants you, wants you

Mm mm mm
Doo doo doo da da da dum dum beh
Oh, eh, oh
Lost all of our woe
We lost all of our whoa-oh, sad love songs
Hey centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede, centipede...

Hey centipede, centipede, centipede...

'Bino, will you be my baby daddy, yup
I'm too fresh, man, the world ain't never had me, yup
I'm too fresh, man, y'all ain't never gave me that
Stone Mountain, ain't no doubting, and these niggas won't hold me back
They wasn't hating him anyway
My roommate exercise, man, he moving that heavyweight
My girl ain't down to ride, couldn't deal with my day to day
I'm at my Grandma's house, man, like I don't know what to say
Maybe "I'm sorry" but sorry don't pay the rent
I promise to pay you back and I don't know where he at
But tell him he missing out, his grandson is cool as fuck
And tell me who be standing when them other ones giving up?
Let's keep it spontaneous, I don't need that rehearsal
More flow, man, than Progressive commercials
Get with the program, cause the plus loan ain't putting us on
I got month long before I take the bus home

I know this music shit ain't shit
And all these random niggas in my house make you anxious
And I ain't never told you that our love would be painless
But I was so in love with you I thought we could make it
Damn, I wasn't in it, damn, we wasn't finished
Damn, I got us tickets, damn, we went to Venice
Prioritize on our lives and made you into a business
That's why you wasn't surprised when I had made my decision
Gotta make it, cos if not I'm a failure, my wallet Azalea
And my brother still moving, ain't no shit I can tell him
Trying to keep him out of trouble, but the cops is wilding
It's nice to have a felon when the boys get violent
The Mexicans tried to jump me at the club
Funny thing was I thought they were stepping to show me love
Grandma's couch, my biggest fear and fantasy
When I ain't in her arms all I'm making is enemies
Here I'm screaming obscenities at a nigga
Wanted to live bigger than me
Them Edenwald projects was eatin' our concept
Of anyone walking out, what is you talking about?
Gun Hill Road made them summers feel cold
On the same train that my parents met on
Twenty years later and my thoughts still ghetto
High off of pressure, man, that's a stiletto
Got your own couch now but you don't feel better

Cause if not, I'm a failure

"Hood niggas don't want to be—"

I watch 'em all pass by the moon and stars
Let me hold him in my arms, forever more
These cold nights, the park is ours
Standing, by the side
Let you go, on, to the sea, just for me
Don't ever leave me, my love
Keep holding on, let the modest go
As my mind goes to and fro, waking up for one more show
We see him in the night, tell him I'm not afraid of him
I'm not afraid of 'em, cause I won't know

Don't go, gotta know, please don't run away
I'm a murderer, what can I say?
I'm a murderer, what does that change?

Can't sleep...
3 a.m., stare at the ceiling, murder the feeling
Spider crawl in the corner, brown recluse
So appropriate, cornucopia, so be it, say I'm over it
Playing Lil Durk, "Dis Ain't What U Want"
Look at my feet, I put my sneakers in the trunk
Pass a Fatburger through Atwater village
Laugh for a minute, couldn't cry for the life of me
Park by the bridge, sit on the hood
Look at the cars, stare at my hands, look at the moon
I can't find it, it's gone, what's wrong?
"Didn't respond when I texted you last night"
"You alright?"—yeah...

Man is a star bound to a body inside of me
20 million degrees, burn a man to his knees
Late at night in a hurry bought a McFlurry
And half of an apple pie, when I'm laughing, I'm satisfied
When I'm dying, I'm still alive, strange position
I'm in a good mood, so good I'mma kill that spider
In spite of the kinda things that they told me
Alone don't mean that you lonely
Alone means you finally get it, admit it
Go home, lock up the door, fold up the clothes
Watch cartoons for an hour, turn off the lights
Look at the recluse, look at the recluse
Look at the recluse, look at the rec—

Don't go, don't go, don't go, don't go

There's a fire starting in my heart
Reaching a fever
Pitch and it's bringing me out the dark
Finally, I can see you crystal clear
Go ahead and sell me out and I'll lay your shit bare
See how I'll leave with every piece of you
Don't underestimate the things that I will do
Reaching a fever pitch and it's
Bringing me out the dark
The scars of your love remind me of us
They keep
Me thinking that we almost had it all
The scars of your love, they leave me
Breathless
I can't help feeling

We could have had it all
You had my heart inside of your hands

Baby, I have no story to be told
But I've heard one on you and I'm gonna make your head burn
Think of me in the depths of your despair
Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared

You're gonna wish you never had met me
Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep

They keep me thinking that we almost had it all
The scars of your love, they leave me breathless
I can't help feeling, we could've had it--

Swag
You think that I keep fucking other girls, you know I'm not
Come back to me like hipsters to Blogspot
Let me kiss you on your neck and make your heart stop
I wrote another song, I'm not where I belong
I never thought you were a cheater, that was all
You ran back to them grody-ass indie dudes
James Perse cardigans, scuffed-up tennis shoes
Wow, girl, that's what you really wanted, huh?
A Michael Cera knockoff, I guess I wasn't white enough
You said I wasn't capable of loving you, I never was
A twenty-something nigga touring the world with hella buzz
Fuck Macaulay Culkin, never going home alone
IPhone photos, show 'em just to mock you
Read your Twitter messages, too proud to block you
Spread shit around, "You know that his glasses fake"
That's why I'm dating girls now whose asses ain't
"Damn, Donald, why you gotta be so mean?"
I'm a nice guy, that's why you broke up with me
You probably in the club dancing to this right now
Play it cool, text me when you walk out

It's just childish

I know it's your first
I will try to be gentle
My love....

Worst rapper to ever spit on an open mic
Worst rapper to ever get on so many likes
Worst rapper to ever blow up and over night
And when my D swell my D-12 friends, but Obie Trice
Young, black and gifted but he still in America
Heard the flow was getting better, is he sleeping with Erykah?
They passing me they demos, these rappers, I think it's funny
Cause they tryna get my demo, young white kids with money
I promise, worst rapper, iTunes most played
It's just me and both Macs, self made, self paid
Headlines saying he leaving to be a rapper
"This dummy; he's eating off of his acting, I mean
Who the fuck wanna be a rapper, it's stupid, I mean
Who knew that every rapper with a new crew
Wanna do shit on Hulu,"—that's the blueprint
You drive until the lease up
I drive until it's dirty, please somebody call the Brinks truck
Well I'm sitting on top of the world
There's only one second secure
But I can't get it back
My life is a sham no time to react; breathe
Find solace in the fact my ball bigger
Pause, like dog fingers
Give a fuck 'bout y'all niggas
Get the point like ball kickers
I do shit, eat good, need a toothpick
Your girl play my music
So that's thumbs down to your new shit

Buddha stance in a forest on the ayahuasca
I'm as high as copters, binoculars
Looking down on my confidence
Truly honest man, I wish there was more of us freaking out
I wet the bed the first night on my tour bus
God damn, what're you doing man?
I can't name a lot of rappers that you better than
He hates women and himself, I won't give him the chance
Tear myself down first to make 'em pay in advance
Heard a lot of y'all talking behind his back
When he walking out
Me and Fam in the corner, what are they talking 'bout?
The same dudes who laughing after you go
Be the same dudes emailing asking you 'bout your show
It's on FX? Tight nigga
Me and my homies making flicks
Me and my homies making beats
Me and my homies making hits
Me and my homies hit the spot, roll with us, gold diggers
I don't really like those niggas, Childish like goldfishes
We saw this kid get shot up by the cops in Atlanta
They shot through his Phantom
And tandem cannons were blamming him
He was standing there like 20 seconds before
Now he gasping for air, bullet holes inside of his dome
What's the point? I don't know
Why am I here? Why am I alive? Why do you care?
Living real everyday, what was your undoing?
Damn 'Bino why you gotta do it to em?
I'm Terio, I'm Terio, my cousin "Ooooh-ahh-Ooh-ing"
There's levels to the shit like a wedding cake

My new girls so pretty that the world shine
My new girls getting kissed by the coast line
My new girl so pretty we can bovine
Worst rapper ever, how I'm giving out a cosign?
Chance The Rapper, yeah that nigga crazy
Big brother, little brother lifestyle wavy
Cool, uhhh...

Now that we have found this love, baby
I can't explain my feel, oh
I've never felt this real, oh
Loving you is all I know, baby
You make me feel so high, oh no
I just wanna feel your love, baby
You know I'm down to ride, oh no no

When your song is on and your hand's in mine
And I'm holding you tight, make it feel good
Let me hold it down, I'm so glad we found
It's whenever you like, make it feel good

Make it feel good, make it feel good, alright
Make it feel good, make it feel good

These haters can't say shit, oh
I know sometimes it's hard when I'm so far
I know you miss this di-love
Let's go somewhere far away, baby
Where we don't need no phone, oh
Cause now that we have found this love, baby
You'll never be alone, oh oh

All my friends are telling me, oh
You need to slow it down, yeah
But I'm so tired of wasting all this time
I need your love right now
Give it to me like oh, ooh yeah
All that I want now, yeah
Give it to me like oh
Oh, yeah
Oh, give it to me like

Make you feel good, make you feel good, alright
Make you feel good, make you feel good

I used to walk on the beach at night
I remember
The best time was when well, me and you
We got all our friends and we got a tent
We slept in it
Not the whole night, but just enough time
Magic happened, nothing was born luckily
It's up to me, but
Then we left
The times have changed
The pleasures that I feel
They say you never say never, it's real
Electric eels in the water, we should probably not go deep
I like to stare at you and look at you when you sleep
I'd like to write a poem for you, leave it for you in your room Under the moon, romance
Hold on, brother

Y'all better watch out
Cause big trouble's on the mic now
I knock all of your lights out
With my verse, y'all be cursed, explodin' like some fireworks
Bow!

Blitz Comet on the scene
You step to me and you're gonna get creamed
Corn all up in your teeth, you reek
You're the opposite of chic ya freak
Your rhymes are like antiques, nobody wants 'em
They throw 'em all away
Rhymin' from the get go like your brain is on delay
Matter of fact, yo, you better get a checkup
Go ask your doctor, why you be so ugly from the neck up?

Excuse me
A hug can be the most wonderful thing
Two arms wrapped around you like a mother's wing
But we're so selfish when we are blue
Doesn't a hug deserve a hug too?
Thank you

Yeah, Crew Crew's comin' at ya
Say it twice, don't forget it, y'all better catch up
To where we're at
You're behind the times, can't compete with our dope rhymes
So you better say your goodbyes
We got Francois, Blitz Comet, B-Tron the Jersey kid on the beats
You know we rocks it, Demolition, the dopest girl on the mic
And Alpha Dog, I bark the truth, my verses be all nice and tight
So now you know who we are
Crew Crew is the crew shining brighter than a Quasar
But you're bizarre
Yes you sir, are a loser
So cover up that freakish dome and head back home and take your poems

Hey Mordecry, or I mean Mordecai
Didn't mean to diss you, please don't run away and hide
Saw you sobbin' at that movie A Very Happy Bride
Here, I'll pass you a tissue, try and have some male pride
Cause the ladies don't like your sensitive side
Like Margaret, for example, but I guess that's implied
She won't get with you, she just won't get with you
Not gonna get with you, Never gonna get with you

What is this place, this magical field
It's wide and it's open, nothing's concealed
It's scenic and peaceful for us to enjoy
Why, this is the park! Good show, old boy!
A place of great beauty for plenty to use
It inspires us all, so go spread the news
To man, woman, child, or begging cowboy
This is the park! Good show, old boy!
The key to this place puts a smile on your face
It is the people that it does employ

Mordecai Rigby
Friends don't let down other friends
You guys are losers

Your attitude is unappealing, some would say quite rude
Your shoes are...colorful

Come on tough guy, why are you tongue-tied
Watch out everybody, looks like grandpa's 'bout to cry

Weathering a righteous storm, the rainiest of days
Friends stick together through thick and thin, always
We're sorry Pops, we were acting like fools
We hope you can forgive us for being complete tools
Your poems aren't lame, they're really works of art
If we're gonna win this battle, we gotta do it from the heart

Let's do this!
Beauty is in the center of all that you see
Simple, yet complex and fully textured
And beauty be a part of all that you be
For you are the best rhymers that I've ever heard!

Why you talkin' 'bout beauty man
Don't understand what that's got to do with you, fool
You guys are like spoiled hams in a can
Super bland, expiration date's overdue

The canning of meat is quite a sweet treat
So thanks for comparing us so
Your words are inspiring, ideas so concrete
You really put on quite a show!

Okay, hold up, you wanna talk words and verbs?
But your face is distracting, so ugly it bugs me
Take care of that mess and sweep it under the rug please
So trust me, you're only taking matters from bad to worse
Only solution is to turn around and reverse

A gift to us, new perspective on things
Life looking different from where you stand true
So much to discover, so spread your wings
And take flight for a birds-eye view

Okay, this be gettin' serious
You guys are delirious, are you hearin' this?
Talkin' 'bout positive things, but you ain't got no game
And it's plain to see, your strange to me, cause we be
Shining like diamonds, y'all be petty cash
Nice mustache, conquistadors be wanting it back
In fact, what are you?
A rat, a squirrel, some kind of fat meerkat who thinks he's rad
And look at that, your bird friend's dropping words absurd again
Useless bits of rhymes that expose the nerd in him
You think Alpha Dog is gonna lay down and let you win?
Head be all inflated, I guess, just like a giant blimp

It's been some time since I felt this way
Challenged by such worthy opponents
Your rhyme-scheme is good, but you're missing a few components
You may say things that hurt, or some that will sting
But for you, it's all just posturing
Look inside and be true to some real feelings
And the world will be yours, I'm assuring
So I thank you, good sirs, for this great contest
It's certainly been lots of fun
But there's nothing you can say to put me to rest
So really, I've already won

I don’t wanna be alone
‘Cause ya know, somewhere inside
I cannot find
The feeling I got from you
No, somewhere inside
The feeling I got from you, ho

Hard for a Pitchfork, soft for a Roc-a-Fella
Music was my side chick, but now we’re moving in together
Always felt misunderstood, I guess I have to tolerate
My swag Jehovah Witness, dude, it never take a holiday
APC jeans, brown leather jacket on
Kitsuné cable knit, cardigan from Rag & Bone
Thick Filipino chick, homemade bracelet
Her booty make her just a rapper, she ain’t gotta say shit
I’m someone they admire
Set the game ablaze, I’m an arcade fire
Laughed at my rise like my motion was funny
Yes, ashy to classy, my lotion is money
The ride is easy when the dollar’s there to grease the wheels
Now everybody tell me what to do and how to feel
It seems the more I try to connect with the world
I am feeling more alone than I ever have felt before
I wanna pick up the phone, ask my dad how to handle it
But what will happen when my dad’s not there to answer it?
I try to clear my mind of thoughts that only slow me down
Like when these niggas called me faggot and we homies now
But we are not homies, I just keep you around
‘Cause all your talkin’ is the noise I need to kill the sound
Of all these voices tellin’ me no one can help me out
We are alone I’m just the only one to figure out

“You are the bestest, I will obey you”
These words I wrote for you when you were fuckin’ other dudes
The only thing I need from you now is some solitude
Actions over words, “girls will be girls,” that’s all it proves
I used to be this guy sittin’ with an open heart
Now my computer screen’s the only place I feel a spark
I don’t fuck with fake bitches except for when I fuck with fake bitches
Canon 5D to take pictures
Of these girls who wouldn’t talk to me a year ago
49er chick askin’ for money, she get zero, though
Here I go again talkin’ money, women, and clothes, and cars, right?
You could switch all of my words out with Plies’, right?
People sayin’ we’re the same, please, come from under me
We are just some rappers, got no luxury of subtlety
No subjects when we’re rappin’, we say it like we hear it
I put it on a track and I hope you get the spirit ‘cause

I used to dream every night, now I never dream at all
I'm hopin' that it's cause I'm livin' everything I want
I used to wake up in a bed between my mom and aunt
Playing with this Land Before Time toy from Pizza Hut
My dad works nights, putting on a stone face
He's saving up so we can get our own place
In the projects, man that sounds fancy to me
They called me fat nose, my mom say you handsome to me
Mrs. Glover ma'am, your son is so advanced
But he's acting up in class and keeps peeing in his pants
And I just wanna fit in, but nobody was helping me out
They talking hood shit and I ain't know what that was about
Cause hood shit and black shit is super different
So I'm talking hood shit and cool it now like New Edition
Mom and dad wouldn't listen
They left the Bronx so I wouldn't be that
All their friends in NY deal crack
It's weird, you think that they'd be proud of 'em
But when you leave the hood
They think that you look down on 'em
The truth is we still struggle on a different plane
7 dollars an hour, WIC vouchers, it's all the same
Facebook messaging hopin' that could patch up shit
But all they get now is, "Can your son read this script?"

There's a world we can visit if we go outside
Outside, outside—we can follow the road
Outside, outside—no one knows

Yeah, Dad lost his job, mama worked at Mrs. Winner's
Gun pulled in her face, she still made dinner
“Donald watch the meter so they don’t turn the lights off"
Workin' two jobs so I can get into that white school
And I hate it there
They all make fun of my clothes and wanna touch my hair
And my uncle on that stuff that got my grandma shook
Drug dealers roughed him up and stole his address book
He’s supposed to pay ‘em back
He owe 'em money but his bank account is zero
So my momma made us sleep with Phillips heads
Under the pillow, like that would do somethin'
But she’s got six kids, she’s gotta do somethin'
She don’t want me in a lifestyle like my cousin
And he mad cause his father ain’t around
He lookin’ at me now, like
"Why you so fuckin lucky? I had a father too
But he ain’t around so I'mma take it out on you"
We used to say "I love you," now we only think that shit
It feels weird that you’re the person I took sink baths with
Street took you over, I want my cousin back
The world sayin' what you are
Because you’re young and black, don’t believe ‘em
You’re still that kid who kept the older boys
From teasin', for some reason

Can you hear me now?
Oh, help us Lord
Oh, baby baby baby

Small chick with a fat ass
Did I say that out loud, let me backtrack
I know my game ain’t that bad
Have you ever made out with a Gap ad?
And girls want what they can’t have
So I don’t text back when the screen flash
You love me? You mean cash
Need a friend you can fuck, I can be that
Crush girls now, couldn’t last year
Oh, you like me now, well that’s weird
Last year you were chillin’ with Lil Wayne
Now you wanna pretend like my feelings is still the same?
My work is my playtime
I need you to understand and to stay fine
Do this and I just might wife you
Let me poke you ma, Raichu
Fuck your life
I don’t really think I drank enough tonight
Lookin’ at you, make me wanna fuck for life
Lame-ass dudes gon’ suck tonight
But so are these girls, am I wrong or right?
Girl, do somethin’ to me
“Nah, baby, you way too hood for me”
Y’all girls have never been good for me
Watch a nigga take over, mutiny
I wanna fuck with the lights on
Hey, girl, let a python slide on
Stay sick, infect me, Lysol
I’m on the edge, they hopin’ that I might fall
I make it work, I’m runnin’ with a new crew
And we do dope shit you ain’t used to
For me, by me, fuck Fubu
This girl never heard of me, go and check YouTube
I got a house with a dope view
See the ocean, dope shit, you an ’06, I’m an ’02
But enough about high school
I’m gettin’ laid, or I’m gettin’ lied to
You my stand-in Cameron, let me be your A-Rod
You number one in The Pack, Based God
Should I say somethin’ dumb to give us somethin’ to fight about?
Never mind, lights out

I want the lights turned on
Show me how you do it
Show me what you doin’
I don’t wanna lose
Have them lights turned on
Show me what you do to me, me

Talkin’ on Twitter to see where to go next
I’m chillin’ with this Asian chick I met in Chicago
She look like the Social Network chick
Except for her ass is twice as thick, man
Just wanna bite that shit
Where the fuck did my license went?
I musta left it at the other place
I rent a loft downtown with a ton of space
Yeah, we doin’ stupid shit, have stories when I’m older
But I don’t wanna see pictures of us on Vulture
Never thought about a year ago
I’m chillin’ out with the friends at the Super Bowl
Things change like a motherfuck
That’s why I wild out, keep the city up
Uh, I talk a lot about the girls in my songs
But you are different from the girls in my songs
Stop talkin’ ’bout the girls in my songs?
If you don’t like it, I can just take you home
More green than the top of these tree trunks
Leave your boyfriend here, ’cause he bunk
She like, “I’m not a slut,” speed bump
By the way, what’s your name?, ‘cause we drunk

I gots to get high
I need to get high
Uh, I needs to get high
Uh, I gots to get high

She want to move to California
She must've fucking lost her mind
That's how they get you every time

She make a movie with her friends
Put it up in a minute
Everybody say it now, ain't no loop at the minute
Everybody saying "How, how you do it, you did it?"
I'ma show you what it done, but enough for a finish
Pay attention, you listen
You keep losing your mind
How you want to loop this shit but looking like a Vine?

But they no pay for no privilege
Now she broke in Koreatown in the condo you rented
Better get your percentage

In California, ooh
She must've fucking lost her mind, yeah
He want to move to California
He want to hang with DC Fly

All the people all around and the follower people
I go watching a "haha," make a girlfriend giggle
Make her feel so official, make it Serena Vista
Supernova, new residual, making money a little
Make the smoker illegal
Make the living illegal
Make the laughing illegal
Make it snap for a people
When you make a movie now, know you making no difference
It's a tickle on the mind 'fore me finish your sentence
So go pimp a like on Vine, but don't pay for the privilege

Now you broke in Koreatown in the condo you rented
Oh, you broke in Koreatown in that condo you rented

In California

One time I was at the beach
And we were looking at the stars
And this girl was laying next to me
And the blanket that we had was,  had stars on it as well
So it looked liked we were just floating in an abyss
Honestly, when I see her face I just smile I guess
I mean, our cars came and the lights were on on them so we could see what the waves look like
I'll be waiting here on the sand
I remember that first night
You were wearing a power ranger black T-shirt
So was I, a different color, so was Moey and his brother
Not as pure, so insecure
But really we just looked up at the stars
For a couple hours, turned off all the lights on the cars
The world was ours it was yours—it was mine
The time flew by like it was prime time and I'm inside of
Life, you shouldn't be my wife you should just be with me
On this beautiful night
Maybe we can make things right
Maybe we can do it without any spite
It's just for tonight, and we hope it doesn't end
So we drive back to our homes chilling with our friends

Balling like Jabari Parker, they say I look like him
If we met bet it would be awkward break out the Sudafed
Cause the flow cold, like a SoCo
I was smoking smoking John Lennon where my Yoko?
This that call yo grandma you ain't ready yet
Verbal mania, imma show you the illest, get my cousin to kill it
Had a flow but you steal it, I'm in the mood so we ball out
Got the top down in the back we could fall out
We could fall out, nigga we could fall out
Your girlfriend push a Prius, she giving me that genius
Mensa, we that Tony Danza
Wine on the rug man you know that shit expensive
I'm on that Willy Wonka, green so Blanka
Vape so good and the pot like lobster
Nigga imma monster, fuck it I'm a monstar
Man, I got this beat I'm going ham like a cop car
That's unless you see me pulling up on the boulevard
Turn them flashing lights, at least you know who you really are
We are becoming god

I guess this ending's the best for me
But I can't leave you behind
You know that I never wanted to see what's on your mind

Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn
Yo it's kinda hard not to like, get fucking cheesy on this shit
But, does that even matter?
You know what I'm saying, juxtaposition man
Juxta-fucking-position
My nigga Jaden Smith dropping  jewels and niggas don't believe him cause he's Jaden Smith
But it's all about packaging right?
Real shit though, good and bad is all relative man
It really is, a lot of niggas is sheep
We don't even know what we like anymore
We just know what the most hype is
Shit, do you really like that shit you like?
Or you like the way they gave it to you?
You know what I'm saying?
Pepsi, Coca-Cola same thing
Dave Chapelle said that, the one that taste the best
Was the one that was paying him the most at the time
That's all that happens with us man
We some weak niggas man, all of us
Followers, sheeps, plural made that shit up
Apologin' ain't no real word my nigga
We know this, but he knows more cause he broke the rules that don't even fucking exist man
Funny thing is man is like, as a futurist
And I can call myself a futurist
Nobody is even going to give a fuck until I'm gone
So does it even matter?
Yes it does...

FADE IN

INT. DONALD'S ROOM. - MORNING
DONALD is woken by a knock on his window from an unknown GIRL

GIRL
Phone

DONALD looks over through the window, sits up, puts on his shirt, and walks out to the phone

DONALD
Hello?

Hello, who's this?

You called me

This is the Callifax Collection Company. Who am I speaking with?

I know who you're looking for; he's not here

Do you know where he can be reached?

What month is it?

Uh, it is June I believe

Then he's probably in the Northern Hemisphere somewhere

DONALD fixes himself some cereal and grabs a bottle of San Pelligrino out of the fridge

When leaving, we see that MISLA, STEFAN, and EMILY are sitting eating cereal, too

EMILY
Fam was just yelling, "Yo, this is Connect Four, not chess"

STEFAN throws up on the floor, and the two girls stop talking and look at him

EXT. POOL AREA - MORNING

DONALD crosses to FAM, sitting on the edge of the outdoor couch, using his computer

Your girl woke me up

Who?

Your girl

I don't have a girl here. It might be Swank's

Anybody coming in today?

I don't know. Eighty Five might roll through

An airplane flies overhead

I love airplanes

My daddy, he had me on an airplane

He had you on an airplane?

It's like that weird Bill Cosby episode where-

--With the Muppets?

He gave birth to sandwiches

--Sandwiches and an orange soda, yeah

Yeah but that was me on an airplane. It was weird

That's like...what’s the one with Arnold Schwarzenegger?

Oh yeah, with Danny Devito?

Nah, that's "Twins"

Classics, regardless

The one with the guy where he's pregnant

"Baby Mama"?

Nah, man. It's called uh...fuck!

"Kindergarten Cop" with Gary Coleman?

"Junior."

"Junior." That's really good

INT. HOUSE - MORNING

DONALD walks up to a Buddha statue and lights incense, and then inhales from his Pax vaporizer

INT. PRODUCTION ROOM. - LATE MORNING

DONALD and LUDWIG are sitting and making beats. Donald is playing with his Pax and humming

LUDWIG
You think we're gonna use that uh, that other song you did?

Which one?

The one with the slow 80's sound

I don't know. Play it

I don't have it

DONALD plays said beat. They both begin nodding their heads to it

I like that. We could something that's like
Cause no one raps over that

Behind them, a knock on the window from outside is heard. It is the same unknown GIRL from before

Your brother wants you

DONALD turns to LUDWIG questioningly

Do you know her?

LUDWIG shakes his head, and DONALD gets up

STAIRCASE

DONALD dribbles a basketball up the stairs into STEVE's room, and throws the ball downstairs once he reaches the top

STEVE, SWANK, and MISLA are talking and playing video games

Your room is disgusting

SWANK
It's not...that crazy

STEVE
That's debatable

But yo, Misla swears she's seen more vaginas than me. In real life

MISLA
Listen, I am a woman. I am in locker rooms, in like gyms, whatever. I see naked women all the time. Forever, too. Not just since puberty

Before puberty have been searching for naked women and I'm here now and that's all I do

You gotta point. 'Boutta say man, how many vaginas have you accidentally seen?

Wait, me?

Both

It's never been an accident

It's not an accident for me either

What??

The others laugh

That's even weirder

You sent your girl down there for this?

I didn't send a girl

Swank?

Not me. I'm looking for new girls

You got girls, downstairs?

Of course it's not my girl. Why would I bring girls here?

Yeah, Misla never brings girls for anybody

STEVE laughs, and MISLA throws something at SWANK

DONALD walks out

Yo, if that girl's cute, tell her to come upstairs, though

EXT. LAWN. -- DAY

MISLA is wearing traditional karate garb, practicing her forms on the grass

She does a short routine and bows

LUDWIG is playing on his guitar. He plays for a short while.

EXT. POOL - MORNING

DONALD is leaning over the side to talk to EMILY who is swimming

What did you think of track seven?

I don't know. It was okay. I don’t know about the second one though. It wasn't scary enough

What do you mean scary? It wasn't scary enough?

You're not scary

I'm pretty scary. I can be scary when I wanna

DONALD pushes EMILY's head underwater

Totally scary

She comes back up and spits water on him

Totally missed

EMILY splashes him

Alright

DONALD pauses, and backs up, off screen

He runs, and jumps into the water. EMILY screams

My phone's in my pocket!

An unknown person walks in and steps out of his shoes

He kicks them off onto a sea of other shoes

INT. PRODUCTION ROOM - DAY

DONALD is demoing a song to a few others. They are listening along and the power goes out

Oh shit

TRINIDAD JAMES
That was tight

The power went out

STEFAN
It was too turnt up

INT. REC. ROOM - DAY

CHANCE and TRINIDAD JAMES are playing a quiet game of Connect Four

CHANCE
This decision is pivotal

CHANCE places a piece into the game, and TRINIDAD JAMES does the same, back and forth

Thanks

God damnit, did I just tweak? I just did it

TRINIDAD JAMES places his winning piece, and CHANCE observes

God damnit!

CHANCE screams and walks away. TRINIDAD JAMES laughs

EXT. LAWN. - DAY

CHANCE and DONALD are having a push-up contest

STEVE and TRINIDAD JAMES are watching

You're old, Donald

You're homeless. I can do this all day. I feel great. I'm getting an erection. Oh man, I'm so hard

Stained. I can see it

I feel like Chance's hat might pop off

These are hat on pushups.

Go all the way down when someone makes you do pushups

CHANCE falls over, exhausted

DONALD screams at CHANCE in victory

EXT. PATIO - DAY

Donald is DJing Kyle's song "Fruitsnacks", STEFAN is dancing behind him

STEFAN waves at the mysterious GIRL

DONALD stops DJing and turns to STEFAN, who is still dancing even with the absence of music

Then why'd you wave?

I'm a gentleman

INT. LEMON TREE GARDEN - AFTERNOON

DONALD is sitting against a tree and holding the lemons that DANIELLE picks and hands to him

DANIELLE

Like Old Navy?

I think we have too many lemons

One more?

And these two

Yeah, some of them. That'll be enough

We can make guacamole

INT. PIANO ROOM / EXT. POOL - DUSK

The legs of an unknown person balancing and walking along the edge of the pool

INT. MOVIE ROOM. - NIGHT

DONALD and FLYING LOTUS are exchanging verses they've written

FLYING LOTUS

Investing time on writing lies, slightly truth without a clue
I met my higher self, pissing off the roofs of drunken goofs
He said "keep the mic smelly like a rotten tooth"
And all your fears forgotten when the Cap is in the booth
I'm an angel in an agony of flame
Feathers growing at the mention of my name, reinvention of my shame
I'm a slave to the darkness of my innermost cave
And all these words I hold tighter than a glowstick at a rave, nigga
Dance around the camp fire, buttnaked, blowing trees
Could give a single fuck if somebody sees, I'm free
Red "V" bleed out a scarlet letter, kill a king
And I'll sitting ready for whatever weather the seasons sing
Picking up expensive habits, chasing after little rabbits
Hope they lead me to a place of magic
Sad at all the times I never thought I had it
Losing all these memories, and y'all doubt it matters...
Patterns

Mouth to a Pellegrino, bottle color of envy
Who the fuck is Gambino, I hand a waitress a benji
To act like she never met me, I'm saying though
They want the game changed when your shit on the radio
Fruit was so hanging low, I didn't even bother
She tryna land Obama's, man she get it from her mama
I don't blame her, I tame her, give her something to visualize
On my couch watching DVR'd "American Dad"
Man those new Celine bags are so to die for
I'm in that Porsche on Prozac, them suicide doors
Watch her walk as the death becomes her
Cause Mrs. Tarantino kill bills, no wonder
My heaven is the present, so maybe this is it.
Pray to God every night to make me believe he exists
Drink a fifth of vodka, I don't need no sponsor,
Heard a preacher holler, make him hold these souls

And that's when like the hook...

Yeah that's tight. I like that

You know you got a little...

He points to DONALD's nose, and DONALD touches it to find blood dripping

DONALD gets up, and runs to the bathroom

INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT

DONALD examines his nose in the mirror, surprised by the bleeding

He looks for the source of all the blood, and notices and obstruction in his nasal passage- it's a string

He is still, and his back is to us

EXT. POOL AREA - NIGHT

DONALD and FAM are sitting next to a bonfire, eating s'mores and swapping childhood stories

He kissed you?

Yeah. Like you said, I don't know why it happened. I don't know why it happened

Did anybody like know about this?

Nah, just him

That's wild

It's crazy

Like I said, sometimes you just can't explain things

I'm gonna go inside

Alright, I gonna stay out here, man

DONALD begins to walk inside as we...

HALLWAY

DONALD is walking to his room, as the GIRL passes him in the opposite direction

He turns, quizzically

Who are you?

She doesn't respond, or even look at him, and keeps walking. Donald continues walking to his room

INT. DONALD'S ROOM. - NIGHT

He is flying face up, eyes closed. The phone rings and he opens his eyes

He leans over and picks up the phone

DONALD immediately hangs up, looks down for a moment, and takes off his sweatshirt and shirt

He lies down and falls back asleep

FADE OUT

One love
You can let it out
You can let it out, cause
I shoulda known, shoulda known

Bino, I'm so for real-o, green like I'm Cee Lo
Hangin' out with Kilo... Kish, smokin' on that keisha
I'mma need that visa
I'm working on everything that I'm touching man
I'm bussin' two white Russians drinking themselves
But it's still ain't nothing yo
It's East side if you can't tell, North Decatur and Glendale
So fuck y'all, all y'all, if y'all don't like me... good
Put that on my partner man, I wish a nigga would
I say we ain't playing man I hope that's understood
I'm in my zone though, fucking round with that 4-0
Eating my mamas salmon but skipping on the risotto
Girl said that she need the follow, tweet her and she'll do any
Man, I'm trying to stay off, readin' em makes me angry
On the back on the tour bus, recording the two of us
Stacks at the Apple store, man this ballin' is new to us
Trying to make amends, bailing on all my friends
Niggas went to the club, sent a beat to Gucci instead
Man I'm feelin' right, my nigga Fam yelling "don't stop"
And half my crew is always faded on some lowtop
Stopped drinking for the most part
My only vices all our pictures on my laptop
Screaming at me saying "I ain't what you really want"
Christina's parents baby all I make is Milians
We got the shows, we got the paper, but I want respect
So tell them haters we ain't quitting yet
Let 'em know

One love, the thing that hasn't changed
My parents lost their job, it's so cold in the A
Now that I'm 1%, I send most of it home
I want to stunt but she need to pay off her student loans
And everybody saying, "Get it while you hitting man
We want them harder beats, that 808 you slipping man"
Dude is so stupid popping anything they hand me
On that parking lot pimping and politicking in Miami
In that home of the D where they sell that cake batter
Heard a voice in the back, hate from all the fake rappers
That I shitted on, shitted on
Shitted on, shitted on
Rap your soul, dude, let the mic blaze
Show 'em A-Town, East Side, all day
I put it on, I put it on
Life is somethin' IMAX, film is at a climax
I ain't even started, Was it stupid I departed?
Man, probably, but now we do the things we always wanted
I'm proud of me, cause I am undoubtedly a force to be reckoned with
Please somebody cum laude me
Graduated, anticipated the hatred and doubted me
Not a prodigy, just a hard worker from the Dean's List
But most these rappers doin' so-so like a seamstress
Jesus

Oh, this is the idea where you're doing, like, one piece of artwork per track

That's dope

Late ass nights come from long days
Doin' all the right things in the wrong ways
Doin' all the wrong shit for the right reasons
Sprinklin' midnight game, call it night seasoning
Haters get salty give 'em cholesterol
Trill O.G, mop up the floor with the best of y'all
Then dry that bitch off with the rest of y'all
And catch a flight to Rio de Janero for la festival
Yeah, and that's word to fit a baldy
Ball hard like it's cement inside of my Spalding
And I'll break your face with a no look pass
Now back to your parking lot pimp with yo little hook ass
I use harsh words cause these are hard times
And trill-ass people, nowadays they're such a hard find
So it's one eye open if I could peep ‘em
And one on the scope, so if they frontin' I can sleep 'em
Man, my flow is so parabolic
The energy'll blow you over even if you're brolic
Goddamn it, now that's one for the Googlers
That fell sleep on they desk and never step their noodle up
Takin' lames out never been new to us
The hardest part of this shit is figurin' which of you to bust
Then step your weight up like GNC
And R.I.P. to Chris Luda reppin' CNC
Straight G

There's somethin' inside you
It's hard to explain
They're talking about you boy
But you're still the same

Rest in peace to them niggas who was dead wrong
Toni Braxton to them niggas, that's a sad song
Cry a river Timberlake, the whole industry
Record the whole album in my living room in Italy
Niggas who wasn't feelin' me secretly want a handout
Keep your mouth shut, I can probably help your man out
Drop a new stack all lames get to steppin'
Drop a new track all blogs go to heaven
Kill the web, man these niggas need they hits up
Kiss her neck, add a dime to the tip cup
She is not "slut," fuck a dude who says so
Just because she's fuckin' doesn't mean she ain't a lady
Kill the whole stage, I never needed a mic check
Semen on my spacebar, fuckin' tired of Skype sex
Runnin' with a new breed, me and Bun B
This hip-hop nation, that big country
Nigga please! We ain't stop for no one
Wu-Tang Generator name, I'm a shōgun
Wu-Tang Generator name, watch him smoke one
Talk a lot of shit, but none of them will approach him
Gambino got first position, the game is ballet
So graceful; drive, he don't need a valet
Mercy, somebody show these niggas can't hurt me
Woah

Flow so pneumonia, yo bitch want my boner
I take her round the corner then I gave the ho a bonus
Bitches wanna bone us, we ain't cubic zirconia
But I will never own 'em so to me them bitches loners
On the deck, and a tongue flip like the "my" in "My Sharona"
Got her drip, drip, drippin' like that lemon and Corona
Bank roll thick like that neck on Sabonis
But I will never trick, you just get dick and balonis
Take that tenderoni, and now she ride my pony
And cheese came with it like a snatch of pepperoni
I'm an O.G., I'm with CG
You a he-she, nigga run you back like a repeat
I'm a pill poppin' ET, Givenchy on a ten-speed
Hot like Britney in '03, ya know me
Smokin' on that Toxic, sippin' on an O.E
Dippin' in that Molly got me higher than some Flow C

Too high, can't come down

Fandango my mandingo, we should do a movie
Groupies lookin' like the Yakuza in my Jacuzzi
Excuse me I'm on that ooey, my pockets are life with Louis
Euros is different colors, my wallet look like a Coogi
He who speakin' the least is Chief Keefin' the peace
Leavin' seeds in yo niece, prayin' that she ain't late
Sprayin' like that AK, now that shit my namesake
'Bino you so nasty, ass like an ashtray
Smokin' Flying Lotus, used to be Jehovah's
I'm in yo girl and now she feeling Polish like pierogies
They hopin' that they smoke us
N'aw man, never that
Trippin' off that earwax, Danny Brown and D-Stacks
Ill pandemic, man that shit be everywhere
Midas is your highness and you Haribo like Gummi bears
Why I'm fly like a cockpit, you don't fly like a ostrich
Stupid shit like a mosh pit, can't believe this is "Toxic"

It's in the air and it's all around

I'm afraid of the future
I'm afraid my parents won't live long enough to see my kids
I'm afraid my show will fail
I'm scared my girl will get pregnant at not the exact time we want
I'm scared I'll never reach my potential
I'm afraid she's still in love w/ that dude

I feel like I'm letting everyone down
I'm afraid people hate who I really am
I'm afraid I hate who I really am
I'm scared people will find out what I masturbate to
I'm afraid I'm here for nothing
I feel that this will feel pretentious

I'm scared I'll never grow out of Bro Rape
I'm afraid people think I hate my race
I'm afraid people think I hate women
I hate people can say anything
I hate caring what people think
I'm afraid there's someone better for you
Or me

I'm afraid this is all an accident
I'm scared I'll be Tyrese
I'm afraid Dan Harmon hates me
I'm scared I won't know anything ever again
I'm scared I never knew anything
I'm afraid I'll regret this
I'm afraid this doesn't matter at all

I didn't leave Community to rap
I don't wanna rap
I wanted to be on my own
I've been sick this year
I've seen a bunch of people die this year
This is the first time I've felt helpless
But I'm not on that
Kept looking for something to be in with
Follow someone's blueprint. But you have to be on your own

I got really lost last year. But I can't be lonely tho. Cause we're all here
We're all stuck here

First Half

I ain't lovin' these fake hoes, room smellin' like 8 Swishers
Room service like 2K, NBA, I'm ballin', nigga
All them niggas, fallin' like Autumn, nigga
Talkin' shit, I saw them niggas, now their daughter want a picture
Rough ain't it? Fuck famous
Niggas too real, got the most haters
Why was I chosen?
Hanalei Bay with my bae, what can I say?
I did it, my timin' was perfect, I'm comin', they know it
Becomin' the last great American poet
The flow Lindsay Lohan
Tired nigga, retire nigga
My word is art like a hieroglyphic
What island is this?
Cabernet, I can smell her talk
She wanna swim but can barely walk
She 'fraid of sharks, she'd hate my lawyer
Atlanta, Georgia, got somethin' for yah
I'm doin' somethin', stay wit' it
I sport the Oakland A fitted
Cause it's moneyball and I'm throwin' funny
But all the kids'll go get it
God dammit I'm ill
I got one question for the haters, is your girl on the pill?
I'm playin' though, but like really, really?

Second Half

Oh man
Oh man, oh man, oh man
I got a hook for this, it's like
Ba-b-ba-b-ba-ba
B-ba-b-ba-b-ba-ba
Na-na-di-ma-ma-ma
I love you all the time
Somethin' like that

I'm the man forever
They can't let a nigga live cause the life is better
85 everyday, why'd I bring this sweater?
I fell asleep on the beach, tiny pink umbrella
Fell out of my drink, she yellin', "What we doin' tonight?"
50k their first week, you ain't doin' it right
Young Bino best friends with the show promoters
Good year, my career is floatin', it's all me
Cause I stay real, the worst pain, niggas don't feel
Cause they ain't feel a nigga, tried to kill a nigga
But he still went stupid
Silver stones on her and the game so clueless
These niggas ain't us
Hopin' that I diss you back so I can make you famous
I'm just tired of haters
The AK goin' off, sound like cicadas
We the clique all day, man I'm so Decatur
Me and Fam backstage, yeah I know you hate us
But you gotta pay us
Let 'em speak at my peak in the game for a minute
But I don't know how
All these light skinned niggas came back in style
Ye lied to us, pretty girls at my concerts
Flow so cold so you know it was my verse
Stank attitude but I like the way she diddy bop
Puffin' white O's, body bang somethin' Nitty Scott
They want the old Bino so they try to rewind
The new Bino too ahead of his time
In a couple of years, they'll have to say I birthed a couple careers
Chances are I get your boy a couple of ears, you know it

Duh-d-duh-duh-d-duh
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh, duh-duh-duh
To love you all the time
I don't have words for this part
But I know it should sound like this
Duh-d-duh-duh-duh-duh

Little hands, little feet
Tiny heart, tiny beat
Oh, thinkin' 'bout the time we spent falling in love together
I don't wanna leave you, I don't wanna deceive you
But oh, when mama cries from daddy's lies
Oh my, please don't take him away, mama
Don't take him away, oh

'Cause I've had my time, oh!
Don't take my baby boy
Don't take my pride and joy
I hope I stay close, I hope I stay close

All the pain, all the tears
Many nights, many years
This love for me is fading
You waited, but I never came home to you
I've never lied about us
We were never supposed to be together
When you see me with some other one
And they know your son
Oh, please don't take him away
You said you won't but you will, yes you will

There was a time before you
And there will be a time after you
Though these bodies are not our own
Walk tall, little one, walk tall
Let me hold you, let me hold you
Can I hold you?

Runnin' through the moment as the sun goes down
And all I ever wanted was to hear that sound

I stunt hard, I make it work, yeah
I make it work, yeah, I make it work, who
I live large, I make it work, yeah
I make it work, yeah

Childish Gambino, lame niggas never heard of it
Sick Boi is the crew, fuck these niggas with a dirty dick
When these mothafuckas gonna understand I’m serious?
I’m hard in the paint, like I fuck her on her period
James Dean swag, leather jacket, white t-shirt
Rolled up sleeves, nigga lookin’ like a greaser
Word is born, baby my dictionary’s in labor
Listen to the Culdesac and know that was an ultimatum man
Why nobody wanna admit they like me just a little bit?
Won’t be on the freshmen list, guess I’ll just keep spittin’ shit
Never be the rapper with $600 shades
No iced-out chain, Rod Lavers all day
I was hopin’ they would see me just for me, dope rhymer
They do me like my first house, no co-signer
See you usin’ qualifiers, you don’t even know
“I guess he good for a rapper who on a TV show”
Even though, I was rappin’ back when Lance had chemo, ho
Even flow, Pearl Jammin’ niggas can’t leave me alone
I keep a bone for these girls who liked me back when green was low
Feel me, though, DVR my thoughts and make your TiVo grow

But it’s all for you to prove it, keep on movin’, keep on usin’
My shine, my shine, my shine
Ooh, take me higher

Gambeezy make it work somethin’, let me check the syntax
Don’t add an eezy to my name, ’cause it has never been that
Aladdin on you fuckers, prince of the game from street rat
Dudes fall off, too steep like tea bags
Steady movin’, don’t worry about where I’mma be
Cause I’mma be on these tracks like indie girls on Amelie
Honesty, I’m rappin’ ’bout everything I go through
Everything I’m sayin’, I’m super sayin’ like Goku
Fuck nerdcore, fuck backpack
Fuck rap cool, I make cool rap
I make music for wack blacks to blast back
In fact, I swear the track I lie on’s my last track

Situations will arise, in our lives
But you gotta be smart about it
Celebrations, with the guys
I sacrificed, cause you could not sleep without it
Girl I, cause I loved you
You were my girl
See I, thought the world of you
But so you know
You don't have to call baby no
Cause I'mma be alright tonight
I'mma be alright tonight

I mean
I waited, and waited, and waited
For that phone call
And then I served you what she was asking for
Nah, you ain't gotta make that call now
Stone Mountain, yeah, you started running that thing after us

We are very rare
10% of a foster home trying to Cinderella this shit
This melanin pit they placed us in and said get out
No blueprint, hell's cruise ship
Took him and her, who made him and her
Who made him and her who made her
Who ran away from the south at 14 pregnant
Who made her who came back to the south
Atlanta, Georgia who made me
Funny hairline, white name
Blonde dreads, African name , both of our parents
Original black hippies, so what?
Little 5 points to Avondale to Stone Crest
You out in Lithonia though
But fuck that, I'm a high class nigga
I catch you out at Lenox
Nah fuck that, I'm looking for hoes at Atlantic Station
Nah fuck that, I'm at South DeKalb Mall
Really in the parking lot, leaning on some broke niggas Camry
The pic you sent last night says you really with the shits
My leather passenger seat exhales
Wasn't ready for all that
Cause it's not me
I mean who is right?
I'mma take you to Tongue & Groove
There's $20 to wear my hat inside
I give em $100 and tell em to pay forward for the niggas behind me
They playing Jeezy like that shit came out yesterday
Thug motivation, I was never a thug and they used to respect me for it
But now the game's fucked up and I gotta Michael Corleone these niggas
Quiet, confident, I talked to her
She came with you, but she left with me
And now she's in the passenger seat
So, where we going?
Just away
Which leaves you standing there thinking
You don't have to call, baby

Somebody tell they people what the fuck is up
I'm grindin' like a doozer looking cool as fuck
I'm grindin' I'm most hated but I sell the stage
I'm grindin' I'm most hated but I'm gettin' paid

Eddy Scissorhands is workin' on my linin'
Gettin' spiffy for these bitches I be eyeing
Fredward Mercury was playin' while I'm ridin'
Down the Ryan, in a Scion
And I'm flyin', but it's cool, I got insurance
On the run because I got warrants, but it's cool I got endurance
In school I got suspended, but in turn I got some earnings
Could've spent it all on Thursday, but I saved it for my parents
But I spent a bit on Friday, in the night I hang with Donald
I'm tired of McDonalds, want a chick that cook chicano
That can't speak a lick of English, and pronounce my name like Chano
She say "something, something" Spanish
I look back like, "Bitch, I know"
Tonight, I'mma make decisions for life
Take some lucy's boomer's dark liq' and light, some might drive
That's that shit right there that I don't like
There that shit just had to say
Shouts to the niggas that passed away
And shots for the niggas that's here right now
And shots at the niggas that got away
So sad to say, but it's all good
Niggas gon' celebrate, and wait for the day
And wait for the day shit detonate, with Alize
Like live from the Chi', it's Saturday night

Used to have some patience, now it's all gone
Force feed these motherfuckers eatin' foie gras
Force feed these motherfuckers not a rockstar
I'm a say my piece, these other rappers lockjaw
I don't think I'm icy, I think I'm aight, B
Niggas wanna fight me? That's unnecessary
I don't quit for shit, that's my legendary

You're the only girl that I have ever wanted
Every other girl is trying to be you
My mama says that I should write you letters
But I think you're with other dudes
Take my hand, you'll like it
You don't even have to call
Yes I've had some alcohol, I'm sorry
Take my hand
You're somewhere out there after all

You're all I ever wanted

Hey this is Steve Smith from American Dad, and this is Royalty
STONE MOUNTAIN

This what y'all been waiting for?
R O Y A L T Y is forever
Y'all ready?
Get em!

Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid
If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion
If it ain't about-

I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em
If it ain't about progress, ain't about success
Why this nigga suspect?
You ain't seen sus yet
I'mma fuck the game so hard like Tiff
Niggas takin' shots, I'm like "nigga don't tempt me"
I seen what you make, yeah them shows sold out
But you doing clubs and I'm doing like all out, things
Why the hell he rapping if he all out sings
Royalty the movement, we all out kings
For real, Bino on a mission
We are not friends, nigga this is business
Girl this my dream, ain't no split decisions
Watch me cut this bitch off, I'mma need some scissors
Mama in the kitchen, hot sauce on them chitlins
I was always spittin', just that no one else was listening
Got your girl and now we kissin'
She attracted to my vision
Now she see what she was missin'
Now she act a little different
Telling you she need some distance
Yeah come on over, we can talk about it
Now this nigga mad, yeah he thought about it
But he don't really want it
Semen on her stomach
That's a second coming, Jesus
Flow so genius, can't low-key this
Puffin' on a swisha like a ho smoke penis
They want me Uncle Remus
But I'm just flexin' on 'em

This on some old Atlanta shit. But I like it cause, it's not about what you know, but who you know. Know what I'm saying?

Royalty my partna dem
No one else might partna dem
Stay strapped with that arsenal
These niggas winnin', it's hard to tell
Move over, we about to take over
Slide up in them DMs, her nigga didn't even notice, I'm focused
I'm the man of the hour, play me on Power
Play me on Hot, nigga I'm hot, nigga don't stop
Flow so cold put a cherry on top
Haters so mad, he ain't even know why, probably all the autonomy
Fuck all your feelings, I'm proud of me, head was so good it's psychology
God damn, I'm just being who I am
From that weird ass little kid to this ballin' ass grown man
Man this beat is going so HAM, flow been burr since Novem'
Chain been burr since Novem', that means cold, I'm just sayin', we ain't playin'
If your man don't want to lick it I volunteer as tribute
You niggas on them Hunger Games, I'm eating O's like onion rings
I kill them hoes so constantly
I ain't even gotta sugar coat it
See them titties, wanna motorboat it
I'm Dopaliscious like Spottie Ottie
Y'all don't know me, run the world
Turnin' up like that little girl, like
Ay-Ay-Ay-Turnup!
Tell them niggas it's tax season
Atlanta Georgia, that's black Sweden
I'm such a martyr, die for the game
I'm such a MARTA I'm runnin' trains like whoo
Slow that shit, felt that shit
Let me hear it

There's a bottom to the top of a moment
You won't always be around
Catch a nigga coming quickly behind you
People want you underground
Do you misbehave?
Haunt you to your grave
I'm going to eat you alive
Please don't find me rude
But I don't eat fast food
So don't run too fast

Just hide, ooh!
You know that you're the one that's terrified, ooh

La, la, la, la, la

I'm spinning, I'm spinning, I'm spinning you up

You know that you're the one, that's terrified, ooh

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, please
Ooh-oh, no, no, no, ooh!
Oh, you can't run from me
You can't hide from me

All I see is zombies
Walking all around us
You can hear them coming
You can hear them breathing
Breathing down your spine

Hear them screaming at her
They can smell your money
And they want your soul
Here they come behind you
Try to stay alive

We're coming out to get you
We're all so glad we met you
We're eating you for profit
There is no way to stop it
You will find there is no safe place to hide, hide

All I see is zombies feeding all around us
They don't know what happened, they just stay alive

You will find there is no safe place to hide

Do you feel alive, yeah?
Doo-doo, doo-doo-doo
Do you feel alive?

Centrifugal force pulling me off-course, in a horse race
Changing horses midstream, fourteenth place
On videotape surveillance playback
Sigh you lose face, disgraced, God forbid you
Fall off of the face of the Earth to chase
The black hole of what you thought it was worth today
"Don't shoot the piano player" I heard them say
It was your fault, centrifugal force, you got caught
Convict monotonous, a verdict thoughtless
As you read it out loud, at least I was being relatively honest
Standing in your office trying to speak to some anacondas
Eking solace out of the sawdust
While your doppleganger stands topless
No one notices, they got their own dramas
Drama-rama's melodramas
You draw commas on the eyes of madonnas
And wonder why you can't turn traumas into nirvanas

Don't mess your head up, still run with these young bucks
Still runnin' on jet fuel, still pimpin' on what-what
What was I thinkin'? I wasn't
What am I drinkin'? I'm buzzin'
Speakin' of weekends I used to fuck with your cousin
I used to rap about nothin', now I rap about nothin'
But that nothin' was somethin' that ain't nobody was bumpin'
See I still got it boo-boo, just a dad'll do you
Wonders if you don't wanna be under some gross dude
But most girls will do it just for a corner seat at Nobu
I bet your daughter's perfect, he say it like he know you
My daughter isn't living yet, Atwater Village idiot
Their flow's dumb, but that royalty's the silliest

Someone tell these niggas I ain't fuckin' 'round
Fly them all to Vegas man we hold it down
Livin' for the present, nigga we fuck futures
Sippin' on some whiskey, these bitches drinkin' Kombucha
Recession means more oppression, these niggas will shoot ya
Rio de Janeiro, these bitches lookin' like Xuxa
Talk with anacondas, at least I'm bein' honest
I'm tryin' to turn these Keke Palmers into baby mamas
Baby mama, I'm your baby, mama
Man, let your boy drown, they ain't save me, momma
They ain't save me momma
Silk pillow for that new weave

When the sun is rising over streets so barren
Since the evening, colors flash before my eyes
I feel like a child, so young and new in '92
I listened to what my father said

Keep all your dreams, keep standing tall
If you are strong, you cannot fall
There is a voice inside us all
So smile when you can, when you can

How this used to feel so far and free
Now these broken souls are all I see
Fists have fallen to our side
We may cry alone, I feel we know where all of this is headed
But my mama said

Oh I, nah, nah, nah
If you are strong, oh no

If you cannot, oh!
There is more to you and me
There is more than they can see
I'm on your side, woo, oh
There is more out there
And somebody cares 'bout you
I do

If you are strong you cannot fall

Give me a moment, oh, oh, oh
When they're gone, keep to yourself
Oh, oh, woo, oh, ooh, yeah!
Oh! Oh!
Keep on your dreams, keep standing tall
Ooh! Oh!

D-Money ho
All we do is tell them so
Why we look professional
And you look like a talent show
All we do is bank, royalty forever
Find a bad bitch, bring her home like a veteran
Make her waffles, with pecans
I'm eating, one free hand
Been saying that we roll with the illest
Like roaches in the kitchen, go and watch a nigga kill it
I'm a P-I-M-P, why we spelling
Cause there's K-I-Ds around me
DeKalb County, where you at
If you with me, holla back
ATL done got them here
Bankhead Row turned Hollowell
Percocet for my kinfolk
My girl look like Miss Info
Y'all been slow, I been told
Y'all Kinkos, copy ho
No I ain't drunk, I just text badly
Running through paper like a pep rally
When I'm in your city better get rowdy
I spit Downy, no shit 'bout me
Stone Mountain Georgia, got something for ya
Killing bars, I'm a lawyer
Baby drinking Goya, girl put your shades on

D-Money, get em, get em, get em

He talk shit, he better not
Rap game, my wet spot
I fucked y'all, you fucked up
Like white girls with dreadlocks
So dread not, I rowboat
These hoes know, no photos
My girl ball like Lobo
Then she blow my K-Ci
And Jojos, where the fuck my money at
In the hood like I'm fixing a Pontiac
On deck with a gang of black Kennedies
Eight goons and they all got felonies
Still getting money like white folks
Still got quotes like Geico
I don't know French, that's "ma faute"
Never not funny like fat jokes
And you turn around and there's a fat guy that kind of looks like Chris
And you like, "oh shit" and you start laughing and shit)
And I'm back in this bitch
And I'm black and I'm rich
And I'm cashing it in for some passion and sin
For some action with them, yeah
Got a stank ho with me
Driving around and I run the whole city
Everybody know she got tig ol' bitties
But nobody cares like it's J. Cole/Diggy
Jordan Diddy on my stereo
High on shrooms like Mario
Salvia, shamanic drugs
Fuck my life, they on to us
I'm fly as fuck

Fuck y'all, I come hard
Like Spongebob, my friends stars
Like Friendster, nobody going to remember you
Whack dudes, they like you
But only for a day or two
They hated you
From now on, like D-Money
Like Faison, I hate on that
Lame song they play on, that play on
I can't take, royalty
On my shit, on my dick
I can't wait
Toe to toe, I bang shit
Homophobes on gay shit
You don't know the hoes I hang with
My bungalow's like Vegas
Had a couple million but I put them in her stomach
She like, "Oh my God, I'm coming"
I kiss her neck and she love it
Yeah we got a safe word, but we never use it
Man, I'm hiding all these bruises in a shirt I got from Houston
Got her using the acoustics
In my cruiser's new Isuzu
And who knew I'd be on Hulu with two dudes I used to Google
I'm frugal with time, every girl's a dime
When your bank account's mine

What kind of love just stays the same?
What kind of love don't die alone?
What kind of love would take this long?
What kind of love don't make you old?
Meet me at the studio
I just wanna play you something
I just wanna tell you something
Cause you satisfy my heart
Even though we'll fall apart
Can't remember how to start—little lies
You like to call me koala
I'll be your Simba, you're Nala
Wherever you go I'll follow—little lies

Drove for hours just to see your face
Sorry—
We should've talked if just to clear the space
But now we stare at each other
Buried whatever feeling that was
He texts to "keep your heart D-stacks, keep your heart
These girls are smart D-stacks, these girls are smart"
I know...
Why get a dog? It's just gonna die
Everything you love's just gonna leave you one day
And that's just real shit he can still spit
But what's the point?
I said a lot of stupid stuff
I think that I was growin' up

What kind of love don't hurt so bad?
What kind of love don't feel this way?
What kind of love would make me fold?
Little lies, little lies
Na, na-na, na, na-na, na-na
Little lies

Turn that beat up for me
Really everything, like the headphones
Yeah, yeah, a little bit louder
No punch, you know that mean that we workin' hard

Look, young rich nigga shit, pops was an immigrant
Lifestyle ill legit, but know I own businesses
Started out the trunk, ended up at the dealership
All gold Rollie, black face no blemishes
Legend in my city cause I grind so vigorous
If I show my face west of Texas, that's a big event
Gotta pay me twenty cents just to hear me vent
I'm really out here on some shit, you should take a flick
Ballin' on my own ten toes, so the difference is
I call shots never ask for permission, man
I got a lot of big plans in my vision and
I ain't failed yet, 'bout a dollar hell yes
I'm a problem filled test, it's only getting worse
I swear I'm getting money, I just hope you gettin' yours
I'm killin' niggas solo so you know I'm gettin' more
Now that young Gambino on the chorus, go

This is for that real shit, this is for that East side
This is for my bad girls, this is for them good guys
This is for my grandma, this is for that West side
This is for them niggas talkin' shit on a website
Damn I feel good, you ain't feelin' nothin'
This is for my niggas who be livin' dime a dozen
Bino got that good shit, Nipsey got them aces
On some young rich shit, Kennedys with black faces

Yeah, black faces
My Rollie so racist, all black faces
Obama on that million dollar bill, black faces
Yeah, nigga, black faces
Look, yo I got this
Yo, turn, turn it up a little
Ay, here we go, okay

League of my own, swag Geena Davis
Only rapper make 100k on your playlist
Niggas talk on twitter, but in life they don't say shit
We the new facet, kill 'em like Jason
Grind in my sleep man a nigga need braces
Wonder what you feelin' like, used to be the nervous type
They ain't mention Bino? Man that shit must be on purpose, right?
Hostile, nigga my style
Kind of flow to paint a picture, Norman Rockwell
I don't eat pasta, everything is low-carb
I don't fly coach now, say I fly Goyard
Leave a face covered in that coast guard
Metaphor Mozart, all we do is tell 'em the truth
M Fox to my people on some family ties
Magazines got black faces when somebody dies
I mean look at Donna Summers, she was tryin' to survive
People wrestle over petty cash
When we should be really cryin' over that one percent
Like we tipped a milk glass
Fuck y'all, I'mma let my grandkids ball
Look to the future, these dudes so last week
See me stuntin' so Conde Nasty
Me and Nipsey on some grown shit, no rent
Own shit, so Jim Crow shit, black faces

Ay, nigga, black faces
Black faces
That's royalty, nigga

If you want it you can have it /If you dream it you can make it true/ If you want you can have it but

Stay woke /Niggas creeping/They will find you/And catch you sleeping/Now stay woke/Niggas creeping/Don't you close your eyes

Too late you wanna make it right but now its too late/ My peanut butter chocolate cake with kool-aid/You trying not to waste my time

Oh no, no, yeah

I know the secret we share
Look what this feeling has done to me
There's something deep in the air
Just hope your hands lift me comfortably

I don't know why but every time I see you smiling
I'm tired of running tired of playing tired of hiding
If we could be together would that make you happy?
And If it wouldn't, tell your girlfriend to get at me

Love don't really happen

I think there's something for us
Lying around as the world comes down
If you understand what I'm saying
You won't end up in the lost and found, nope

I don't know why but every time I see you dancing
I'm tired of running tired of playing late romancing
And if it wouldn't, tell your girlfriend to get at me

Now why can't every day be like this
Smoke a  J at the beach like this
Hang with bae at the beach like this
Never thought it could be like this
Be the man like I am like this
Dance around shake your hips like this
Mess around make a hit like this

Like this, like this, no
Always be like this, no
Like this, like this, like this, no
Like this, always be like this
Like this, like this, like this

Whippin' the Lam', whippin' and grippin' the Lam'
Niggas like 'Bino the man, I was  like damn
I was allergic to not makin' money, the timing was perfect
They used to not pay him no never mind
Niggas these numbers don't ever lie
Fuck wit' your boy like a pedophile
Damn I'm fly, I'm so high I might need a spaceship
I'm on acid, this bitch is basic
We them niggas y'all love to hate on
But when you see us y'all never say shit
Conversation, I'm in that, top 5, I'm in rap
Pussy niggas, y'all say shit and don't do shit
Flew your girl to Saint Lucia
Oh, these niggas are not from Atlanta, these niggas are not from Atlanta
Cause I'm from Atlanta and we would just handle it
Struggle rap, Canibus
Amethyst, my weed purple
Rap game, I'm Steve Urkel, Urquelle
She want some pics, I'm like "oh well, you better Google search"
Money rule my universe
Nigga we made it
We had the beat and then we heard the verse and said "nigga we hate it"
Bitches are mine for the takin'
I understand why you hate us

Hit me on my Nextel chirp, when you heard that *brrrp* *brrrp*, mean that nigga got some work
Yeah, my cousin used to serve 'em, now he learning how to walk
If you really from Atlanta then you heard this shit before
Yeah, you know, uh
Nigga don't hit me on my Nextel chirp
When you heard that *brrrp* *brrrp*, mean that nigga got some work

Yes I be the man, who you tellin'?
Smokin' on that loud, what you smellin'?
Cops want a nigga for the sport
Hundred dollars, can't afford it
Made my momma cry in court
Fuck them niggas
Fulton County, Cobb County, see the twelve be out
See you wit' your friends and break you up cause you hanging out
Learn to talk about, what you talkin' 'bout?
Never on the phone, had to do it on my own
Took a minute, now we on, yeah
Scooter got the Street Lottery, that's a classic
Cause it be showin' niggas how to be when you passin'
That white girl, that white girl, Niykee Heaton, yeah
I might girl, I might girl, are you eatin' though?
Patience, congratulations, I'm on my A shit
I met this dude while on vacation, I didn't say shit
When he was talkin' all that bullshit about the nation
His daughter, I just gave a facial, my reparations

Uh, it's a new black renaissance
Uh, all that wack shit they be on
Uh, what's the type of shit that they be on

You got a perfect body, all natural
Body that the superstar lookin' for
Hey baby, let's just go for a ride, okay

Let the top down and let your hair blow
Let's ride and let the top down
Let your hair blow, ride and smoke out
We party on the Interstate, shut I-20 down
Even in the winter flexin' with the top down

Top down, let 'em see a king
East side, East side, I'm just bein' me
I'm just seein' Gs, I'm just makin' culture
I just say the realest shit and hope it don't insult you
On stage, yellin' crazy shit
I was high but I meant that shit
Let it out, gotta vent that shit
Play me loud, that's event music
I don't swear to God, I just swear to me
I don't think there's anything I couldn't be
All we know is trust, that's the R O Y A L T Y
Please don't ask a king what it's hard to be

Light-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Dark-skinned girls, you can put in my video
Thick girls, you can put it in my video
Thin girls, you can put in my video
Smarty art chicks, you can put it my video
Dumb hoes, you can put it in my video
Smooth girls, you can put it in my video
Nerd girls, you can put it in my video

I'm blowin' up like my swagger on the Gaza
I'm writing movies where I'm making out with Aubrey Plaza
And homegirl my homegirl, it is not like that
But if she tried to rape me, I would not fight back
Girls who turned me down are saying "please" and "sorry"
You lucky that I'm randy, Aziz Ansari
So now I'm in the club tellin' strippers they should back it up
I wanna hang with Lil Wayne, I just hope that I'm black enough
Damn, I guess we're all friends here
Except for I don't know you, like you was me last year
It's funny how these niggas all treat me like we best friends
I wanna fuck these small girls, minus "S-M"
Meaning that I fuck all girls, that is wordplay
Catch me on my iPhone doing what the birds say
I ain't going nowhere, somebody better tell a hater
He's goin' down like my living room elevator
Fuck what you heard, bitch, I'll fuck your fuckin' brains out
And make you wash your boyfriend's sheets to get the stains out
Put your fucking boots on, it's time to kick the lames out
You got your favorite rapper in your ear, it's time to change out

Watch your girlfriend, I'll fuck her then I up and leave her
Girls chase me like they think my dick is Justin Bieber
Pussy thrown at me, you fuckin' with a wide receiver
I'm a genius, and I ain't try to hide it either
Got a lot of hay, let me pay for what you sip tonight
Mixed girls from Williamsburg, that's my fucking kryptonite
Baby girl, shorty, have it however you want it
Whatever you asking 'bout, I promise you that I done it
My swagger's New York but my home is the South
And it's amazing how I eat more pussy than Alf
And I'm all up in your ear but then I'm all in your mouth
I don't talk, but girls the only thing we're talkin' about

Put, put it in my video
Put, put, put, put it in my video

Have a word for your brother
Have some time for one another
Really love one another
It's so hard to find

You got the power, you got the power
Of every hour,  of every hour
I come to getcha and I know where you are
It's getting hot, it's like a sauna
Then every night, in Arizona
They come to getcha when they grope in your mind
They think you creepy, getting down in your mind
They come to getcha, they come to getcha
It doesn't matter, you making magic
I got the business to make a mind
And if you feel it, if you feel in your toes
And you act nothing like nobody knows
But if you want it, you got to want it

It's so hard to find, have a word

Come on baby, oh
Darling no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
That's right baby, that's right
I see wherever, wherever, wherever you are
Wherever, wherever, wherever you are
Do no wrong now
That's right baby

There's a big wide world out there, I need to get in
And I hope and I pray, we will find it someday

Digital. Childish Gambino
Mixtape demonstrations

This Oxycontin carbon monox' and toxic concoction
Collapse your brain cells, they swell from lack of oxygen
Leave the opposition stuck, without a pot to piss in
Hockin', spitting up blood, shark by sharp precision
Dart incision, darkness imparts your vision
Verbal plasma, verbal scatter, words that shatter
Every atom in your body, now you're anti-matter
Ripping through the data, checked into the doctor
Took his rhyme splatter, cause my mind's faster
You falling down to ground, while I climb the ladder
Too much garbage in your gallbladder, fall flatter
On your face, now you carry by the pall-bearer
Or wear the black suit, eyes all teared up
Oh no, when your ho make a boss lit up
We in the rib with a smirk nigga, all geared up
Childish Gambino or Bobby Digi'lino on the tracks
We breaking more backs that Sammartino, Bruno
We saw more baselines than Juno
Change more law in New York than Mr. Cuomo
Godfather novels I write like Mario Puzo
Master time fix the clocks like I'm Hugo
Hold the weight like nine sumos
Bust shots like John Lugo
You know how the Wu go

Look sharp, homie give yourself a face lift
High brow, eyebrows on a spaceship
Take sips of that Ace of Spades-es
Saving all my money just to waste on a bracelet
Can't see them haters, we dont give a fuck though
Charge it to the game, keep a lame so cutthroat
Never slip a fast one, the game is so in front of me
Travel 'round the globe, spend and make 'bout a 100 G's
Pack them crowds up, boss like Bowser
Deep pocket poetry, my custom trousers
Thank God they found us, the game was starvin'
I'm clean and concrete, you ass and Charmin
Bobby Digital, Do you really think these niggas know shit?
Shopping in Manhattan and I ran into my old chick
Pride is a bitch. I am not a grown up
Tweetin' when I'm 70, these half-dead followers
She look like she Spelman, secretly she Hofstra
Put her in the club, all she wanna hear is Waka
Put her in the crib, all she wanna hear is Waka
She jerk when I move like her old boy popped her
Home is that Outkast, soul like I'm Phonte
Old-school J's like Beyoncé's fiancé
Back on my dumb shit, nigga we the stupidest
Gave them niggas real shit, don't know what to do with it
I did what I did man, did you really see it though?
'Bino hard and fast, niggas sweet and low
American Royalty, family loyalty
We cream of the crop why the fuck would we stop?
Both of 'em rap songs
Where did she go wrong?
Nowhere mama, we just go where the money at
Black Kennedy, where the fuck you niggas at?

Yea, we party ‘til the sun up
You ain’t liking what we doing – shut up
We got that extra life, nigga one up

Fuck the recession, I’ma keep this thing going
If you ain’t know 'em, bet you probably still work for ‘em
Chick from Bermuda, that’s right I get my work foreign
They don’t get paid, I got hard dick and purp for 'em
Niggas out of line, get a shovel in the dirt for ‘em
Niggas wanna move, get the trucks and the shirt for ‘em
OG status, my job’s got perks for ‘em
Money, clothes, hoes, you ain’t ever gotta search for ‘em
You know what I’m doing, nigga I’ma do things
Getting to the money, I guess I got a few things
Fifteen nines, five dimes, only two chains
Smoke like Jamaicans, run it like I’m Usain
Fresh from the haircut down to the shoestrings
Hoes talk about me, I’ma need a new name
Steve G the prince, I’m looking like the new king
All I do is win so who the hell’s losing

Bino what the dealy, I heard that flow was silly
I heard you was so east side and that pussy's your Achilles
But really it’s time to get up, smoking on that get up
Bino lay it down and work it out like a sit up
I’m feeling like a winner, my living be so easy
My old girl look Leona, my new girl look Yukimi
So illy, I got espressos, mi mami give me besos
Shades on my face, Armani helping me lay low
D-Money get his name, these other niggas lame
These niggas used to hate me, I guess ain’t nothing changed
Shotgun in the Porsche, she don’t know where we going
American Royalty on that yolo Ralph Lauren
It’s that city where Luda be, stunting was new to me
But now we killing paper, fuck it I might just shoot a G
Leave your face open like you Breezy, I mean it
Nobody need to see nobody leaking, believe me

Now it's the B to the izzo
You know what it is I'mma stunt on the d-low
Watch me get it in, spin in the seat, black as can be
Rolling it up, giving a fuck, like I'm a slut
"Bino that's my baby what he doin out at the club?"
Fuck about your dress code, my dress code is I got a big bank roll
I think so, time to give these niggas something else
Island in the summer best believe that shit ain't common wealth
Smile on her face best believe she wearing nothing else
Watch the sun set that's a feeling that she never felt
We were born free, that's my God given
How a god living? Fantastic, fans spazz when they see  ya man passing
I'm in the Aston Martin, unforgivable blackness beg your pardon
On my Jack Johnson nigga, all my shows sell tix like Boston nigga
Put this on at the cook out, let me see you shmoney
Old school on the XM got your Auntie singing "Hola Hola Ayy"
Hit the dream too hard, I'm the new young god
This the new mixtape, but it's still the same game
How you gon be the don, when Don half my name?
How you gon be the G.O.A.T, when we are not the same?
I be feeling all this money but motherfuck the fame
It's the young Bino, I'm in your bae like Oakland
In my bed out of breath I never been this open
If you niggas can't hear me it's the weed I'm smoking
When I opened up the door I had the manager coughing like
"The hotels charging you a maintenance fee"
Gave that nigga 2 stacks and said I'm here all week
Let me roll OG, let me talk my shit
How you hotter than me? You ain't got no hits
You just got a hot feature
Bare sole on the track so my feet hurt
Do some research, know my origin
I'm the new black, fuck oranges
Yeah, that's that nigga that yall love to hate
Redbone like golden gate
Childish y'all know the name, getting hate from Charlemagnes
Last year things done changed, I was thinking bout killing y'all
I was working all night long, white bitches like King Kong
Getting money my theme song, do whatever I want
Fuck your clique do what I want, fuck your bitch do what I want
Here's some shit you niggas didn't know
Probably wrote your nigga verse
Probably wrote your nigga video
High as fuck on Arsenio
Chosen, now they show my my respect nigga
Frozen, Disney movie round his neck nigga
I told ya, I'm the best right now
From Atlanta where them niggas in your chest like "blow"
Royalty equal sign black philosophers
Became a top 5 cause nobody else was stopping us
They want me Hopsin but I'm popping and getting confident
God forbid we give him props for the job he did
Man his knob need some slobbering
I mean, fuck, do you want more?
I'm killing these niggas and still on tour
Fuck is y'all for?

This is for all of y'all
One day everyone's falling off
So right now we should all ball out
Life's too short to not all out
I don't know what I really need
But I'd rather be smoking weed
I don't know what I really need, yeah

I'll be right by your side 'til 3005, hold up

Young God what it is, how you livin', huh
Young thing and she sayin' let me beat it up
See me out in my ride, wanna key it up
He got a Kia, I got a Bimmer
She got a Fiat, half Italian
She wanna ride up, on my stallion
See me stylin', I'ma ride out
Hit Lihue then we drive to the hide out, uh
That's the way that we living
He fly her out every weekend
Because her thinking is different
She dance around in the kitchen
Like "doo-doo, doo-doo, dun, doo-doo"
You'll always be my baby
Ask me what we're doing
Yeah, you know that drive me crazy
She wanna ride with the top way down
When I get her home I'ma lay that down
Lay that down, oh-oh

In the year 3005
And the world I love is gone
Do you know where we're headed?
I see now, I know love
I see everything
I know everything
I can do anything
I just wanna sing
I just wanna dance, now
I'm so free you know, know
I can't help myself, no
Oh my god, oh my god

I got a PJ for the whole crew
Passport looking old news
Champagne in a glasshouse
Old money know what I’m about
Put your money in that real estate
I put my money in that real estate
Nigga I’m from Georgia that’s the realest state

I’m feeling like New Zealand, charge it to the Am-Ex
Gotta use that latex or she living like a princess
They don’t wake you up in private, let a nigga sleep
I got houses in the mountains, man Will Smith live down the street
Got that generation money my grandkids are assholes
Stacking something dummy every verse I got got cash flow
Monaco they loved me, I’m wearing something ugly
But they still know I’m rich though so my doo-rag lookin’ stuffy
Rollin’ with the royalty Kauai is just my Camelot
Glasshouse, champagne, white shirt, no socks, no top Saint Bart's
Pushin’ 997’s like I’m making fuckin’ phone calls
Half a mill is low ball
Lot of diamonds light bright, whiskey older than Betty White
Spot me on Dalmatian Croatian girls salvation us
Make something of myself man

Ridin’ around with a whole meal, real estate can a nigga live?
Gold slug no ice grill, deal with molly, no x pill
Georgia nigga I’m A-town, eastside nation wide
Rep nigga like Tim Briggs, killed them, homicide
Real estate that’s my estate Georgia peach like Big Meech
Mason Ave, that’s my street, we sellin’ crack on Front Street
Old money got dust on it, old chopper got rust on it
New crib got a ticket on it, just cashed out seven figures on it
Baby momma, stank bitch fought child support, I’m too rich
Pussy ho got lucky, you can pay your bills on my dick
My driver license’s suspended, but I’m still ridin’ in a Bentley
I’m still strapped with that semi, real estate we winnin’
Me and Childish Gambino plenty chips no casino
Poppin’ bottles with models they gone suck on some pronto
Put my grill in your real estate, know I come from that realest state
Niggas eating off our paper plate, we just copped them new Audi 8's

Man Atlanta showing love too, man
Shout out to Eastside, shout out to Southside, Westside
And fuck the North side, man them niggas up there be testin’
Ain’t nothing changed man, we still get money out here
Royalty forever in this bitch
Gambino nigga, you know what I’m saying?
That new shit man
One time for the one time man, real nigga stand up
Two times for the bad bitches, three for the rich
You know what I’m talking about?
You know what it is man, yeah man
Money talk, bullshit walkin’ marathon
Real niggas know what I’m talking about
Royalty forever motherfucker
Gambino forever motherfucker
Get used to it, Royalty nigga, Royalty motherfucker
Motherfucking eastside stand up, Stone Mountain, L-town
We in this bitch like we fucking a dog or some shit my nigga
Man y’all motherfuckers already know what it is
Royalty forever in this bitch, bitch niggas fall back
Real recognize real and y’all sucka niggas ain’t it
You feel me? Man don’t watch me, watch TV
Wait, ‘Bino on that shit too, God damn
Man we gettin' that white people money, you heard that?
Matter of fact Tina, tell these niggas what I’m talking about one time

Yeah we in here, we in this thing
Gambino is forever, Royalty is forever
We ballin’ ‘till we fuckin’ up the hardwood homey
This is the life we live, son
My president is black and my Prius is blue motherfucker
Royalty all day, we droppin’ racks in Nordstroms son
That’s racks on racks damn it
You feel me? You feel me?
This is the part where most people would say something crazy and drop the n-word after it
Not going to, not gonna do that
I don’t feel comfortable
I’m out!

I do not talk, I am just a rapper
Sick boi make moves like a chess piece
And that move real quick like Nestle
Let me make it clear for a second like Pepsi
I was never worried 'bout my wallet being empty
Cause when it was empty, I was still happy
Walkin' with my Walkman, freestyle rappin'
High school bullies like what the fuck happened
Nigga off the hook like I fuckin' shot the captain
And this is me relaxing, rappin' is my hobby
I did this in my bedroom where I separate my laundry
Watchin' old episodes of Shining Time Station
Why you doing this, what's your motivation?
I am just a rapper, I don't need the paper
No Will Smith went off without a hitch man
C-H-I-L-D is the ISH man
Do sixteen bars no wristband
I'll always be childish, call me Maggie Simpson
Run the track like my tongue's an Olympian
I've always been this good, you just weren't listenin'

I'mma try to make my street cred stack up
I mean I'm rapping over Grizzly Bear, what the fuck?
Gather swagger up, before I take it all
You started rapping when you wasn't good at basketball
I started rapping cause I fucking need some Adderall
I can't do one thing, I'm just too good
I can't do one thing, I am Tiger Woods
I make your iPod hotter than a lighter would
Picture me in sixth grade, overweight, overbite
Got my fake Adidas on, whiting out the fourth stripe
Kid named Vincent got it out for me, I hate that guy
Frodo from Chicago, really small and shy
You better recognize, cause I know better now
Cause I was always sick, my life's a hospital
And that's some funny shit, that turd is Apatow
That female dog is blind, well bitch look at me now!
I'm wearing tight jeans and nobody's laughing
More pussy than recycled sanitary napkins
Bitch sitting shotgun in my Tracy Chapman
I did exactly what you niggas said would never happen
I'm doing me so big I can hardly walk
These rappers need ER like they're Charlie Park
Stay hard like my suit made by Tony Stark
This kind of music make your balls drop, Dick Clark
Yes I'm grown and sexy and I'm worth the wait
Girls act like I'm the only dude on earth to date
Put these words on your head and let them percolate
We need to separate, nigga church and state
I used to have to pay for gas in my momma's Saturn
And now I'm paying for a mortgage as a working actor
If living my life is what you say you're chasing after

With a gun in your hand
I'm the boogieman
I'm gonna come and get you

If you point a gun at my rising sun
Though we're not the one
But in the bounds of your mind
We have done the crime

Boogieman, you've got to help us, can you?

Every boy and girl all around the world
Knows my nigga's words
But if he's scared of me
How can we be free? Yeah

Slide baby, I'm gonna let it go
No one has to know so let it...
Slide baby... WOW

I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, I'mma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all

Tell em what it is, I'm takin great strides
Hood niggas, hipsters, I ain't trying to take sides
Ex-Girlfriend on my mind, she really fucked me up
Doing shots of whiskey 'till my friends are saying thats enough
I really really miss her, sometimes I wanna fuck it all
Mix some warm Guinness with 20 tablets of tylenol
Call 'em while I'm drifting off, tell her that I love her so
Parents crying harder cause I didn't even leave a note
Saying that I'm selfish and I'm sorry that I left
But it hurts so much to wake up and I left you guys a check
Cause I ain't fucking happy, you don't know shit about me
I think it started when she said she happier without me
I really can't blame her cause I'm happier without me
I don't see what girls are seeing when they say they're all about me
I'm scared they wanna trap me, these all hoes are all liars
I double bag my shit and never cum while I'm inside her
I used to be a sweet dude, now I'm so angry
Look at what these girls and these fake niggas made me
Cry when I'm writing, I don't really know why
I think its cause I can't really see myself an old guy
And that scares me, I wanna be around a while
But I feel my purpose goes beyond having raised a child
Bright lights, they tend to burn out fast
So I shine bright, But I'm scared that it won't last

Seeing all this pussy, Imma fuck it all

I'm just about the pop, the industry just noticed it
People watching me, I feel like Amber Rose's tits
Friends of mine are over it, people say I changed
And I tell them that I'm glad, cause I don't wanna stay the same
Cause I used to be poor, I used to be unconfident
I used to hate these haters, now its just the opposite
Not only have I changed, I'm becoming something better
And revenge is for the weak, so I have settled my vendettas
With all of the kids who made my early life a living hell
And I hope you're doing well and feeling better 'bout yourself
Don't know if you can tell, but change is usually for the better
I used to like these bitches but couldn't afford to get em
But now I'll take your girl, yeah player pay homage
That's why I fuck these bad mamas, Kate Gosselin
I'm trying to tell the world I'm nothing to be trifled with
Donald Glover staying hotter than some rifle spit
They only wanna fuck with you after you made your way
But when you started out you couldn't pay em to stay
But now I got em lined up in the lobby door
It makes me wonder what this rapping shit's a hobby for
Oh thats right, because I'm gifted in another field, and another field, and another field
They say my public persona don't have enough appeal
I take a lesson from Kanye and give em something real
I'm getting all this attention I wanna do it right
That's why I'm performing for you like every single night
To all my fans who's saying Donald Glover about to blow
Just give me six months so you can say I told you so

This is Royalty
Bang bang

I got yo bitch layin' naked 'cross the bed, no rosary
Stackin' up this bread like a baker, Josephine
She wanna refill, so I get that ho a bean
Niggas on the sideline yellin' "Who the fuck is he?"
Wardrobe overseas, passports all over me
White leather seats lookin' like coca leaf
Everytime I crank up the woofer sittin' on a key
I'm Gucci buckled up, house note on my feet
Linen button-up like I'm walkin' round on the beach
Blind hoes notice me in my Range Rover Jeep
So they wanna come and talk to me like Jodeci
Smokin' in the morning, and when I go to sleep
Blowin' presidential man I think they 'about to vote for me
Any event we party like a frat, no toga sheet
If money ain't the convo, they ain't even 'posed to speak

If you ain't talkin' cash, don't say shit
In the VIP we champagne-spray shit
I'm in the club lookin' like a bank statement
If you talkin' cash, I can make arrangement
Walked in the club, ain't pay shit
Broke niggas hate, cause they ain't shit
I'm gettin' to the cash pockets on payment
If you talkin' money, I can make arrangement
Cody

Cody Bean Sr., pushin' mean ether
You don't know Childish, nigga me neither
Eastside Atlanta, flyest nigga in a Waffle House
If it ain't money, man, we ain't got shit to talk about
Kennedy compound, my 20-room house
So big my ex-girls ain't gotta move out
My bank account looking like when little kids break shit
Ooooooo, if I'm breathin' I can handle it
Watching all my dreams get together like an ampersand
Blueprint the new shit, mixtape management
Show these dummies how to do it, all I want's my ten percent
Porsche brand new, passed 'em a cool hundred
Yeah my girl 5'2", even her growth stunted
It's the nigga y'all knew back when I flipped meal cards
Now my meals free when I don't taste the fifth star
We can make arrangements, old money Cambridge
Meetin' with the moguls, make 'em richer and they owe you
It's the kid you used to talk about, I'm watchin' people get up on it
On Worldstar and I ain't have to have a nigga moment
Flow's always cold, keep the whole soul anemic
Never left that hard shit, a nigga's always constipated
Got the change for my cousin on froze, no more movin' weight
Flossin' hard, ice king, no more Finn and Jake
Love or hate you gotta say the hype is something handsome
As long as all of 'em bloggin' I'm living Richard Branson
Shit talk is still talk, haters are my billboard
Used to take the Q home, now I hang with ScHoolboy
So iconic, Black Kennedy this shit
Man I'm so ironic, man this ratchet need a fix
Droppin' new shit and the haters get the splashback
Don't be surprised when he ask you where the cash at

As Childish lives in his short shorts,
He's got no time for your short money!

Two gold chains and I still don't never wear 'em
Why would I wear 'em? Cheese like a camera
Spendin' money son a bitch nigga like Sanford
I'm lookin' in the mirror, I'm like 'Damn, I'm so handsome'
If it ain't 'bout that money, why a young god answer?
Flow so cold, watch them haters get asthma
And every time we fuckin', man she think that's the last one

Bitch I'm takin' calls, no small talk

Three cellphones and I still don't ever call 'em
Why would I call 'em?  Bitch you know I'm ballin'
Got a new nigga and he say he from New Orleans
And he ain't talkin' money nigga, why the fuck you talkin'
All my bitches bossy, all my diamonds flossy
Rap game sriracha man you know I'm saucy
I got a white dude in Boston, he whip an Audi

Young Bino, we be mobbin'
You don't see me, I'm on an island
These haters left us no choice
Leave the trap like so moist
Little rock like dope boys
Oh my God, I'm out of fucks
Colombian but she ain't a plug
That's racist
In '96 I had K-swiss
You 96 with some fake bitch
And I 69'd with a bunch of dimes and that money talk my language
Head game so Cambridge
God damn, you dirty...
You were lettin' me bust in it
But if they ask I plead the fifth

Ok this the part where I need ya'll to make it bounce like Spalding
Make it bounce, make it bounce like Spalding

I'm the last of a dying breed
Meaning that I’m not afraid to try a new thing
Can't see me, best to get yourself some Visine
Toe tag a motherfucker, no jokes, while these other niggas "wakka wakka"
Other rappers try and go and get over
You want that hood shit? Best to go and call Hova
I was a good kid, backpack on my shoulder
98 test score in my ThunderCat folder
My cousin was older
My momma used to wake up
Drive me to his school cause his school was much safer
But I slipped up and accidentally told a teacher
Now I'm going to a school where I get beat up because
I ain't get down with them other kids
Probably cause I talk too white and I got a dad who's there
Momma couldn't take it, sold the place and got us out of there
Guest room, now the six of us splitting one with a restroom
Now I'm going to this school called Rockbridge
School of the neighborhood we tryna buy a house in
There's not a lot of black kids
So I stick out like a sore thumb with some bad acne, but really
What I wanna know is why I never fit in right
Like a fat dude getting on a packed flight
Even when I make friends in the hallways
I'm wishing I was someone else always
But I'm happy that that shit happened to me
Cause it taught me most important is to do me
Cause everybody hates you till they love you
Facebook niggas same niggas that would shove you
Cause nobody was jocking my style
Cause I had a high voice, they called me faggot eight mile
So I stopped writing for a very long time
Thinkin' that a nigga wasn't made to bust rhymes
And this next part, sounds like nonsense
But I swear to God, Tina Fey gave me confidence
Taught me everything that is good comes from honesty
Everybody's got a voice, you just gotta follow it
She on a role model, shit
From the day that I shook her hand
I knew that I'd never die a broke man
So I could try this rapping shit out again
The game need change, I'm a part of it
People tell me I should spit under Donald Glover
But I try to keep my real name undercover
Cause if you hear my name, then you think it's jokes
And I can't go for that, nigga; Hall and Oates
My nigga stay down like a winter coat
I rap about my life, not "I'm On a Boat"
Cause this joke rap shit's gotten out of hand
Only ones who do it well's Lonely Island
Save the raps about your cat, I am not a fan
Leave the joke raps alone, man I'm working here
I do not play around with this bullshit
I am different, call it new shit
Labels want me to hurry and cash my check in
But I keep my shit free till the last possible second
Cause God knows that I don't need the money
You get your clothes free when you rich, ain't it funny?
But this limelight burn like a motherfuck
I wanna call my dad crying but I hang up
Cause I don't want him to worry, he's got his own shit
So I send him a check and tell him to hold it
If anything ever happens want you to know this
I always took the time to smell the roses
And wherever I am, I am doing fine
I'm here for a good, not a long, time

Umm, okay
Yea, candy
Uhh, where is this song in my Blackberry?
Yea, yea
Alright cool

Okay
As my mind run licking cotton candy lipstick
You're right here in my room, yeah I wished it
Candlelight vigil for the one you're texting
Pink sweatpants - hmm, interesting
No need, don't explain to me, love
Cause I know how you deal, but I could see us
In a different way, don't play me cause we're not the same
Sign on, sees your screename and misbehave
So you're a playboy, you think you're Heff kid?
Hoppin' round town with the bunnies when
I'm the candy that you need, brush your sweet tooth
Heard you got me replaced with a statue?
A veneer, I hear, she's just swell
If you want to date a rock, you think I can't tell?
So you bored? Are you lost? Was it worthwhile?
I feel the ice-cold chill in her warm smile
Saw you last night, you didn't have to act foul
Come and sweep me from the back room
Feel my palms heat up on your chest now
As the night creeps into bedtime vows
Married in a white t-shirt, Bed-Stuy
Still you know that I'm the best ride
You ever heard of it?

I know what you're missing in your new life
I can find a way to make it go right
Make it go right
I know what you're missing in the moonight
I can fly away and make it go right
It go

When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall
And in the back of my mind I hear my conscience call
I used to front somethin' stupid, now I'm makin' them wait
Except for you mama, I'm ready, I don't wanna be late
Never hesitate, you know it, petty cash, we blow it
Excuse me for imperfect, them halfway looks is worth it
I watched these niggas lurkin', they just want my leftovers
Watched 'em locked up all day and slept over
Skippin' after-parties at the last show
I'mma hold your hand in little Tokyo
And tell you somethin' in your ear that you shouldn't know
Two jumps, but the feeling was so gone
High school swag, busy fuckin' with clothes on
Lost a couple words, joke around the reason
You can wear my shirt, pretend to let you win that FIFA
There was nothing like it...settle down
You always hit me when my boo around
It's a long walk - we ain't talkin', though
That ratchet ho on lock-n-load, I appreciate the offer, though
I'mma do it right - later, though
Cuz either way you're gonna hate me like you say you won't
Thank God for that - it's called regret

The Boy lies, arms to his side, on his bed, looking at the ceiling

......where are you?
................who is this?
...don't slide

It's almost a song

More people are at the house. People drinking and smoking. Shoes off. It's a Temple. Respect it

The back wall of the living room has been pushed into the wall, so there's a seamless transiting from living room to backyard patio

People sit on the swings underneath space heaters

EMILY is in the middle of the pool table. Swank plays pool around her. RUBEN is filming Marcus and Steve throwing things in the fire pit

AJ is djing in the middle of the living room

Some guy is running through the living room in just a towel. He is dripping water. He almost slips

The Boy walks through the backyard. There's a dude and a girl making out on the bar outside. They're sitting on the bar

The Boy walks away

INT. FATHER'S ROOM - NIGHT

Sasha sees The Boy. Startled. Then she smirks

She pulls him in. The other girl flops on the bed

The Boy lays against the wall. Sasha sits on the bed

Silence

Sasha gets up and starts to punch The Boy playfully. The other girl is laughing crazy

The punches slowly stop. Then Sasha starts kissing The Boy. You can't see below their waist, but stuff is going on. Then stuff stops

The Boy plays with his dick. Nothing. It's like gum

He walks into the bathroom and closes the door. Locked. Silence. Sasha sits on the floor

The Boy sits on the floor. Head in hands

Damn, guy

The Boy's ex-girlfriend steps out of the linen closet

Vanessa smh and smiles

She pulls him up. She opens up the linen closet and pulls The Boy in

Coachella is inside the closet

There are people saying things, giving opinions, feeling interesting. Everyone has a purpose today. It's a great time

The Boy chases after Vanessa and catches her. He carries her for like three steps, then they walk together, holding hands

She starts walking away. Then she looks to the sky and shoots up like a rocket
She looks like a shooting star in the sky. Not a sound is heard while this happens. They never see each other again

Then the coyotes come out

They're glowing blue. They're circling and they're talking about music

They rip The Boy to shreds while they talk. Blood everywhere. The Boy doesn't make a sound. Lets it happen

The Boy realizes he is pacing in the shower. He's been in there for a minute, cause the water is cold

INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT

The house isn't totalled, just dirty. Empty cups, bottles, cigarette butts, etc. The Boy sees Steve and Swank passed out on the couch

INT. FAM'S ROOM - NIGHT

Fam's sleeping. There's a naked girl sleeping with him. The Boy comes in

The Boy leaves. Fam opens his eyes

EXT. MANSION - NIGHT

Swank, Steve, and Fam are asleep in the car. The Boy sits down in the driver's seat

Im driving up now

The Boy looks at this. Then starts up the car and turns on the radio and speeds out of the driveway

A moment passes...

Then we see the girl that was in bed with Fam walk out in the Mansion doorway

EXT. I-5 - NIGHT/EARLY MORNING

He slammed Swanks knees. Sorry

Looking at the rows of crops criss-cross on farms as they pass

The Boy stares at it. Just a white billboard with "roscoe's wetsuit" on it

EXT. MIDDLE OF NOWHERE IN-N-OUT - DAY

The guys are sitting on their car, eating burgers at the far end of the parking lot

As The Boy bites into his double-double he thinks about the slaughterhouse. Then he looks at his burger. He laughs

Two women walk out. They look like they're in their late 30s. Swank spots em. One of the women is wearing a Northwestern hoodie

The women just smirk and close their doors. They drive off

A car crazily pulls up next to the In-N-Out. Two dudes jump out with masks and guns

They run inside. We see people running in their cars, and driving off. All of our guys stay seated on their car. Just eating

A minute goes by. No gun shots. Just yelling

The two dudes run out. Just as they do, you can hear the police coming

The Police roll up. Ryan tries to get away, but they pin him. The other dude shoots at the cop

They laugh. As they start to drive off

Suddenly two cop cars screech in front of them

All of the guys put their hands up

EXT. OAKLAND STREET - DAY

Everyone looks a little bummed. Silence. More silence

They pull over to a row of brownstones

Sympathy. Like she refused to cry like...an hour ago?

Tears. She's not crying. She's just that mad

A dude pokes his head out from the hallway in the brownstone. The Boy and him make eye contact

Who knows me for a little

This is really sad for both of em. They really wanna know. Nyla closes the door

The Boy stands there...then Swank walks up to him on the stoop of the brownstone

The Boy walks away and gets in the car. Swank stands there for a moment. Then tries to cut off a fart with his hand as he walks to the car

INT. OAKLAND CLUB - NIGHT

They stare

The promoter stands there

INT. DINER - LATE NIGHT

The guys are eating

...I was here before

The Boy stops listening. Across the way there's a group of kids eating in a booth

He's writing "roscoe's wetsuit"

The Boy gets up and walks over

Fam walks up. Grabs The Boy

The Boy and Fam sit

The Boy SLAMS his fist on the table. It's loud. Everyone in the diner looks at him. The Boy doesn't look up

EXT. HOTEL - NIGHT
The guys roll up to the front of the hotel

Boy doesn't say anything

INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT

Be like "oh fuck...goals are dumb."

They both stand there for a moment

AJ takes Fam by the arm

They head to the elevators

He walks off

The Boy stares at the couple

They Kanye shrug, then walk off to the bar. The Boy walks into the banquet

INT. BANQUET HALL - NIGHT

Married, that means you're next

He thinks

Don't regret it

The man just stares, not understanding

The older man leaves. A shlubby man in a suit comes to the podium in front. People clap for the end of the dance

Everyone laughs

"Awwww"

Everyone claps

One of the creatures has tears in its eyes. Still smiling tho. Pushing the smile

Stone Mountain
Childish

I like smokin' loud, I like being me
I might drop them bars, that AT&T
I like makin' moves, I like being King
If you like that ballin', I show you what that ballin' be

Money baby, money baby, money baby

Fly girl, she named Beatle
Clothes off, she don't need 'em
Animals, she don't eat 'em
Hungry for it, I feed her, uh, I feed her
You already know that I feed her
I don't mess with them fuck boys, she said I don't either
She said I'm gone eat her, attitude so diva
Got a big place like Scarface, treat her ass like Elvira
Skin tone godiva, smokin' on that cheeba
Girl you got me so hypnotized that thang be givin' me fever
Let me get it
Take her to Kauai, fucked on the beach
Fucked on the floor, we ain't gotta speak
Beach, getting high like a motherfuck
Royalty the team so you know what's up
Kitty so good, let me beat it up, kitty so good I could sleep in it
Hollow tip flow sending shots to my enemies
Niggas who tried to Nick Cannon me
Thoughts were so bad that I pleaded insanity
Bottles, I pop me a case
Live on the radio bought me a place
This is my summer of love
Yea, all these bitches is down
But never put nothin' above

Kick it like Kazuya
This game is how we maneuver
There's plenty fish in the sea and I treat them groupies like grouper
My life inside a computer, back up my soul to the cloud
Funny we show 'em class and they call me the class clown
Money is in my jeans, best believe that it's passed down
Got the room thumpin, she tell me don't stop
I mean really don't stop
I must be doing something
Something really on point, something really on point
Now she look back at it
But she give me that look when I gotta dip out
Can't nobody do it like this
Forgot her name as soon as I hit
Got that buzz, the phone was silent
Run the game, that's us
Fort Knox, gold bars
Let her get it on both sides, I did it all, with no cosign
And I'm ballin' like I give a fuck
Now they know wassup
Smokin' like she wanna fuck
We are not in love, she's a grown up
And I'm so childish
Still that's my bitch
We waste our time with all this

Ch-ch-check the blogs, what you gon' see?
Everybody talk about Flynt Flossy
Is he real? He can't rap
Take that back, I rip all tracks
And some blogs be talking smack
Been chill too long, time to react
And sold-out shows so screw you too
Floss got fame now, he's sexy
Damn, these girls be all on me
Open those legs bon appetit
Gimme those toes when you lick them feet
Like doggy food, I'm pedigree
So hating blogs get off of me
Don't care 'bout what you gotta say
And no, I'm not Charlie Murphy!

I hang with the Jeep, bang with the Jeep
Got lady fans that really wanna smang with a Jeep, y'all
Think it's a date, won't creep, wanna peep
Tryna dig up dirt, yeah the jeeps gon' sleep
Too difficult to figure out so little bloggers simmer down
Or you just might lose it
Have a seat, shut your mouth, turn us up
Take the thinking cap off, and enjoy the music
Where I'm from? Does it make a difference?
If I said to look away, would you turn around
And take me off the hit-list?
I don't think so
Are you mad right now? Yeah, I know
Go home, put your thumb in your mouth
And lay in a position that’s fetal
No time for babies
All the credit to the fans who ladies
Start writing this trash in your blog
Play around, acting like you hate me
Yung Humma

I'm a Mac Pro with an afro
And you guys blow like the Satchmo
And my cash flow out the asshole
And my last show was the Camp Tour
Saw your blog on Thursday
You only re-blog shit girls say
You didn't re-tweet my birthday
All your comments say "first" or "so gay"
Okay, we the fanboys
Sex fantasies with Androids
But I fuckin' mean what I'm writing
If I see you, nigga, we fightin'
On that shit, take a whiff
Move in silence like a .gif
If you try to hack my phone, you'll see pics when you ain't home
Man, royalty to the maximum
Got racks, and we stackin' 'em
I like beef when it's actual
I love how niggas talk that shit when you know you ain't catching 'em
Man, racist on your page, you should be on Key & Peele
Is that really how you feel?
Nigga, the internet isn't real!
Yeah, I saw a lady get fucked in the ass by a goat
Laugh for an hour, that's all she wrote
Would I laugh if I saw that shit in real life?
Fuck your blog with a broomstick
I could fuck your girl with a Q-Tip
If I see you, nigga, let's do shit
Gambino boy, you stupid

I be on that other shit, I'm harder than a consonant
And that's because I'm flyer than the mothership, you ostrich
I'm awesome rich. Call a bitch. Fresher than my lozenges
The problem is you in the Danger Zone like Kenny Loggins is
You think you good, I swear I put your shit to bed, good night
Yes, I'm sitting on the bench cause I don't play no games
I just spit that Bellevue, watch them go insane
Why these mothafuckas think they waking up in pain
Cause they sleeping on the hardest nigga in this game
Hell yes, I'm on that zombie shit, I must get brain
They will not forget me like I was hit by planes
I ain't got to do it big, I just gotta do it different
And these hoes are on my dick, and if you got it, it ain't tricking
I be steady getting paper, call a nigga Dunder Mifflin
And these rappers cannot see me, I'm the only one with vision

I be on that other shit
And you can't handle none of it

I don't make it rain, I bring the heat storm, nigga
Weezy F is in jail, I keep his seat warm nigga
Yes, I get it like I live it. Yes, this pimp is still is pimping
Y'all don't want me to be different. What the fuck is y'all thinking?!
That does not suit me, call it Ben Sherman
Cause I get more green than Kermit, heard me
I'm in charge of new shit, don't talk, do shit
Spitting at the crowd like I play heavy metal music
I can say anything, call me John Cusack
Keep my dick wetter than the bottom of a cruise ship
Keep it fresh to death, Keep my swag inside a coffin
So fly, I'm in the sky like Vodka, partner
Shout out to Marc Jacobs. Yeah, my feet be feeling highbrow
And Band of Outsiders, got your tie on right now
Glory versus failure. There is nothing to it
Cause you win some and lose some, Sandra Bullock
Tell me when I'm way too much, when no one had faith in us
They thought Child was child's play, but now, they see we dangerous
Bring your girl around and let me show her how her body work
She like me cause my wallet fat, it should wear a Hawaiian shirt
Comin' for your spot, like I do when I'm inside of her
Got the cold, hard green in my hand, no Heineken
Listen up. Listen up, please. Check my steez
Insect ligaments, I'm the bee's knees
Watch my math, like 75 minus 6
How can number 2 be number 1? Because I'm the shit, bitch

You are the bestest, I will obey you
They wanna know what, I couldn't say who
You are the only one who's ever really seen me
I know that I'm the reason that you don't watch any TV
I wanna lay on your stomach so bad
And it gets a little quiet in this bachelor pad
And I don't really understand the thing we had
I wanna try again, but it would just be sad
And oh, oh whoa
You are the only one who's ever let me be me

We can make it easy
We can do it simple
I'll be waiting right there
Promise to be gentle
Sittin' by your window
Girl, you're so fly to me

So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly to me

Fiji water and a box of old Raisinets
I got a real taste for dyin' but I ain't do it yet
I tried to watch The Artist with my girlfriend
But instead I lost the battle with some Nyquil
Playing Double Dribble with my older cousin
Now I'm ballin' everyday so dude that's gotta stand for something
But it doesn't change the subject
Man, I'm hustlin', sandals cuttin' up
My ankles, please and thank you
Demons hate you when you angel
Never been to prison, but I serve a sentence
I'm sharin' experiments with Seventh Day Adventists
And on the seventh day, I'mma show y'all what the event is
Dollar signs, bottom line
Speak the truth and everybody gon' hate you
Unless it's funny
That's how I used to make money
I don't roll with the old, yeah they want something from me
Why the flow so dummy, why do hoes still love me?
I don't know, don't bug me
On patron or bubbly or power, old culture
Ain't nobody sober
My mama don't drink but she kill me over soda
Damn homie, man you famous like Kony
ATLienated myself about a month
Just enough to get, to get my rows in a duck
Just enough to make a faithful man wanna fuck
Girls be tweetin' me their pictures, man I gotta look
And most of 'em couldn't handle the panels in my comic's book
This rapper's book, this writer's book
They kinda shook
It's not a hook

There's an edge to the wind
Cutting into my skin
And the air's like an icicle
As the night starts to fall

Uh, no excuses or apologies
Ain’t no way in hell they ain’t gon' say that I ain't body this
I be killing every nigga breathing bronchitis's
Let ‘em know

If you don't like this shit I'm puttin' out, then you can blow me
These dollars in my pocket gettin' big, I gotta fold it
It's Cheezy in the building, more cheese than macaroni
What the fuck is going on?
I'm in her bush. Before I eat, I make her mow the lawn
My career is like award shows, it's going long
I make it look real easy, like I'm showing thong
I do a shot, and then I'll sip a Sobe
I'm walking weird cause it's Walker that I'm wasted on
People just realizing that I'm awesome, why they take so long?
Skip around the album, it's not hard to find your favorite song
Pussy and these tracks the only things that I go crazy on
Let me slow it down a sec
Man, I cannot not be sick
You think you better than I am, then show me
These niggas don't talk that much shit unless you let them
And I let them, cause they know if you reply, then you respect them
I've been working for a minute, hope this album's a success
I'm not tryin' to do Drake numbers, I'm just tryna do my best
Cause let's face it, if I wasn't working with Tina on pitches
I would probably flood the market, and go Katrina, you bitches

I'm sorry mama, but there isn't an old me
That nigga dead, but I promise, he won't die in vain
All I trust is money, fuck these niggas like the Crying Game
This is not a joke. You won't listen to what I'm sayin'
And I promise to destroy any nigga who think I'm playin'
Know my verses can be silly, but I'm choosing not to spray rounds
My verse is pedophiles on the playground, okay now?
Half-price flat screens. Yes, I work for Sony
I kiss her hard and hit the jet, I make out like a bandit
They tryin' hard to hate me, I just don't understand it
Screamin' at me, when you gonna stick to the right business
And stop making rap music for these white kidses?
Huh, I make music for these tight kids
Don't be a fucking asshole. One day, you'll have to wipe his
I know what I am, and I'll never be HOV-y
Cause I am just different. I'm being what I am, man
I don't need a Jesus piece, my jacket cost me 10 grand
I'm going light speed, and I don't care if you can't see us
Cause I will never stop, like I am cruising in a Prius
You talk from far away because my money in between us
And I'm working hard as hell, until I'm chillin' with Aaliyah

Bitch, you know me
Bitch...

Okay whats up my nigga
Word up to seven figures
My swag is always capital, it live in north Virginia
Bino on that hood beat, yain't know he had it in him
Came on this beat, I ain't even buy it dinner
Slide inside the party late, leaving with the baddest ho
Whiskey shots and doin Asian bitches is the status quo
The future's always coming, whether clitoral or vaginal
Always in that pussy like my jacket made of calico
It's on, I made this shit for New Years
Play this shit at midnight, like TV shows with boobies
My asthma status chronic, you can get an ounce of that
Real G's only
Don't fuck up my alphabet
I'm as real as I'mma get, loser who got confident
Attracted to an awkward bitch, but mostly cause we're opposites
Blew up in 0-10 like tick, tick boom
No drugs at the club, I'mma slip shit through
Came hard on this bitch, and my dick did too
Here's a list of the shit I'm addicted to
Like, weed, whiskey, sometimes ex
But that is only when I'm drunk and call her up to have sex
These girls I’m fucking now see my dick as blank checks
So I only sign my name and dot my 'I's but only on her chest, Yes

What ya'll really want,  What ya'll really want, now
Black guy on Mad Men. I'm telling ya'll it's goin down
Ring around the Ros'e, these bitches love to fall down
Sober girls, broke niggas, tell em that they're not allowed
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on  It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on  It's on, it's on, Let me tell you how it's on

Who the fuck you think this bitch is leaving with?
Cause one of us is famous like 'She and Him'
Wasn't cool in high school, but that's expected with geniuses
My music goes hard, bang shit like gay penises
My DJ be Sosupersam
She Asian, fuck that Klu Klux Klan
I love these clothes, that's who I am  My name mean fashion, Gucci mane
We are not exclusive, I hope she understand me
Chris Brown pussy, it won't make it to the Grammys
Finally met your girlfriend, that is why her knees hurt
Been to hell and back and all I gots this fuckin T-shirt
Laughing while mackin these hoes
Vastly these rappers are slow
Asking to get back in the know
When they lacking a passionate flow
Trust in Gambino, he has never failed us
Cause I have got "S" plus what a dog's tail does
Read your blog, it says fuck that fag
I'm like LOL, hash tag rap
DC be spittin Jigga
He white, but he my nigga
My shit be grown man
Your shit be kitty litter
I always do it bigger

Thank you guys for 2010
Try to do it bigger in 2011

We are so far away from here

Tell them “Run it back”, this song is my shit
Told that DJ, “Turn it up”, all we did was bowflex
It’s that Stone Mountain, DeKalb county
Fuck boys know shit about me
Still real, no shit, cash gun, money clip
285 to 400 then I made a left
Man we spend it up in Lenox, boy we fresh to death
They be sleeping when I left, now they heard of me
We get paid to keep y’all hyped, that’s that turnip green
New kicks, street ball, black top, asphalt
Tight dress, her ass fault, get face like bath salts
Airport atheist, only pray when there's turbulence
So why the fuck am I stressin’ over this nervous shit?

Burn, burn, burn
My new car, my new clothes
Now that I’m on top, are you proud of me?
Now that I won't stop, are you proud of me?

All I really wanted was a left turn
Never thought it'd go and leave a nigga burned
Now that I’m on top, are you proud of me, proud of me?

Are you proud of me?
I should have known

Welcome to the culdesac, this is where the street ends
I am just a rapper, I ain't got the time for speakin'
Nigga stay weak like tornado and a tree branch
I never have a weak day, my life's a long weekend
Fuckin' with ya raw, bitch. My mouth should get tested
Sleepin' on a nigga, hope you feel well rested
Gambino stay on, can't nobody pull the cord out
A nigga fucked up, like a hang gliding whore house
Sick boy, yeah, the clique on deck
Yes, I rap absurd. Got the game upset
And they rap about the jewelry, the weed they smoke
And I rap about my life, and niggas think it's a joke, nah
I only put real on a nigga
Bitches see the money, try and steal on a nigga
Yes, I'm on fire, you can feel it on a nigga
Step away from the heat; they Shaquillin' on a nigga
Treat niggas like pussy, go hard on 'em
Watch the swagga get swiped like a card, bottom
The swag's unique, I don't even worry 'bout 'em
I got the tortoise shell frames and the argyle
You wouldn't think from the things I'm fashionin'
I'd get more bush than Kim Kardashian
Drop hot shit. Yeah, my mouth's a laxative
Born to be the greatest, this is not by accident

Hey player, what's good?
Hey hater, what's hood?
I'm on fire like wood
And you don't wanna fuck with dude

Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit

I'm a genius, I ain't gotta fake shit
My cup runeth over, you can take sips
I'm in a spa, white robe like a racist
Niggas can't see me, I will pay for your LASIK
Buck what ya heard, bitch. I'm flyer than you ever seen
My wallet make paper, call it Evergreen
Ashy to classy, finally got some Vaseline
Live inside a sauna cause I always got my self-esteem
Name in your mouth, and it seems as though I struck a nerve
I never fit in like my penis in these tiny girls
I figured I was different from these other guys
When I wrote for 30 Rock, I was under 25
These other rappers wanna fade into the background
Ima stand out when these niggas done sat down
I always pack heat. Yeah, my mouth need a pat down
Money, girls, clothes. I don't worry about that now

I just wanna roll with a cutie one
I ain't tryna catch no feels
We can get along sometimes
We ain't gotta be sincere
You ain't gotta laugh so small
Breathing all down my back
They ain't never had what we had
They ain't never felt like that
Cause them summer days
Never fade away
They just stay the same
In my mind, my mind
And them summer days
In my mind, no no

It's those summer days
It just stays the same
Never, never change

Ok, Royalty is red hot
Shots from a redbone
Talking bout her skin tone her color beats headphones
Baby I'm just living right, and you can say I'm dead wrong
But can you disagree with that , versace on me
Got gold on the V-neck I'm passing every G  check
Didn't fuck her for a month and never had a regret
It was just nice to have you chilling up in Key West
And we was just chill, I didn't really need sex
But really is we fucking yo
Never serious so I make everything a fucking joke
She be pushing buttons and she push it till that button broke
Then we smoke a blunt and all the drama it go up in smoke
See she just graduated got a new job
Took that nose ring out her nose and went and bought a new Saab
Got that boyfriend that she living with and she don't smoke no more
But yo it's cool I liked her when I knew her back before like

With every passing moment, thoughts of you run through my head
I am slowly realizing, I think you're truly heaven-sent

I think you're truly something special, just what my dreams are really made of
Let's stay together you and me boy, there's no one like you around
Oh my

I really like what you've done to me
I can't really explain it, I'm so into you
Really like what you've done to me

The way that you hold me, might be the things that you say
I don't know what it is boy, but I know I like feeling this way

Ouh ah

I can't really explain it, Oh noo

I can't really explain it, I am so into you
Oh I can't really explain it, I

Really like, what you've done to me
So into you

She text me today
She said she hate me
She's not the first
She probably won't be the last
I don't give a fuck

I came here to do my own shit
No fucks given

What you know about me
No one else can do it like me
I was checking I.D
She don't look 18
She don't know 18, no
I was doing my thing
You know I was tossing that green
We ain't even on the same team
We ain't even hit her with the real shit
I'mma show these mother fuckers you ain't really seem real
Aaw, I'mma do it for the real niggas
When them boys ain't feeling ya
Real only see real nigga
Heard of Bino man that boy amazing
You don't hear me cause a nigga blazing, blazing
Oh you don't want a problem
You don't want yo' man to solve 'em, naw

I'm killin' these niggas off a mixtape
And most these niggas out been fake
Me and my niggas all homeless
We ain't hear shit that y'all told us
We was getting money, you ain't getting money
All we did was study, all we did was study
We don't give a fuck about status
Girls and you know I got baddest
Just cut her off, she the saddest
Wish a nigga would like Aladdin
No chill, dress code I'm like "oh well"
She ain't seen my hotel
Man them numbers don't bode well
War is hell
This ain't war but I'm beefin' nigga, my ether nigga, wooh
I don't fuck with the fake shit
More green than a spaceship
We don't fuck with y'all, no way
Y'all ain't got no taste
Rap is not bold face
Now we in the mix
If you broke we can fix it
Sayin' I ain't doing things, look at this shit
Look at this shit, look at this shit

I can feel it deep inside my body
I've been watching all this all night
I got to move it
This pressure brewing
This world don't feel alright

Everyone, everyone!
Get down, baby, get down, baby
Fly, fly, fly, high
Fly, fly, fly, son

No good's happening
World, we're out of captains
Everyone just wants a better life
They tried to kill us
Love to say they feel us
But they won't take my pride

Everyone
Get down, baby

Niggas wanna have some, all I want's to have it all
They wanted something different, nigga problem solved
Drunk off the high life, death is when I'll sleep it off
Life's a hangover and this rappin' shit's my tylenol
I could call any girl in my phone right now
Have a pillow in her mouth watch her bite down
She like me cause I'm flier than a kite now
It's funny how I get these write ups on what I write down
Chick on my left arm, she could write The King And I
I'd rather die the truth, these niggas live a lie
Dressed like a gentleman, my mouth is never civilized
See me as a hero, use my little brother's eyes
Always do me like I love self portraits
Now these fake niggas say "Hey" like horse shit
People treat me different but I'm still the same person
I don't know what it means, I just know that it's worth it
I know I'm not perfect, but I am original
Gotta feed the bitch right, stuff her full of spinach
Facebook messages asking how I did it
No time to respond, time is money, life's a debit card
Spend it on the right shit, these bitches want you overdrawn
Drake with dyslexia, I have gone so far
My life is a green light, I always try and go hard

I am just different

I am so different, the game's on lid eye
Listen to my mixtape, change your whole shit up
Salad backstage, I just wanna eat alone
Crowd at my shows more mixed than Rashida Jones
Haters say I'm changin', but I haven't changed at all
Indie kids saying that I've ruined all their favorite songs
Hood niggas sayin' that I'm whiter than that Colgate
Hatin' on my progress, I'm a long ways from Bro Rape
Black Clark Kent, all I need's a Lois Lane
But let her spend the night once and watch her go insane
Voice mail, e-mail, sending text message
We are not engaged just because I made breakfast
Believe me you don't want this, I'm all about business
Life is a bitch, I must be datin' her sisters
Gotta be different, take chances like pictures
Emerge victorious, stunt on ya'll bitches
I'm not at the top, but ya'll niggas know I'm comin' fast
Rap will change after me, all of this will come to pass
Rappers start to use real instruments and shit
Niggas start to copy me, dumb it down and make it rich
I am not a novelty, just the first to do it different
I have always been this good, you were just laughing too hard to listen
Got my career overnighted, maybe you should order one
Springsteen this city cause this city we were born to run

I've always been different

It's that D-O double 'Bino
Nigga, how you livin'? Yeah, my life so cappuccino
Bittersweet, I'm giving everything I got, I feel so
Used to stunt Kitsune, used to date Katsumi
But then I got a new one, but she ain't talking to me
IMessages unread, pain that was unsaid
Laughter that we ain't heard from children we ain't had
I'm a boss, homie. Die a boss like I'm Steve Jobs
They thought I was Jamaican, I got three jobs
They must have been mistaken, I ain't feel ya
They respect the grind and zone 6 lookin' real soft
Dear Mom, you sound sick every time I call
Dad's lying to me, I can hear it in his tone
I don't want nobody help, leave me the fuck alone
Brother holding my head in the shower don't know what I'm on
Ribbons running through my nappy afro
Feeling guilty, won the raffle
But the lotto ate my motto at my core
I'm just an apple and they want me PC
Paid for my house but this show is not me
More than the music, we going for that mastery overload
Da Vinci Code comatose to sport a beard like I'm OVO
Got that cream, I'm an Oreo
You know how the story goes
DatPiff four page cause you suck something glory hole
It's that Fresh Prince, Royalty means you deserve it
We were best friends, they talking bout him and I
They loving this silly guy, I'm popping Abilify
Niggas was wildin' out cause they want me so civilized
They say anytime that you getting cheese you in a rat race
Any movies that they offer me is black face
It's so post racial, so I can't prove it
We the same thing, we in the same movement
Business is business, we eating lunch, just not on silent
It's the Diddy and Biggie driving backwards, I'm so iconic
If I'm dead before Detox it doesn't mater, I heard The Chronic
You gon' sell it on eBay, just be glad that I fuckin' signed it
I ain't mad, though, you gotta eat, right?
I know your voice, man, you Marshall Lee, right?
Nah, I'm what you hear in your dreams saying it's not enough
God had made a lot of land, I gotta buy it up
I'm bouncing on the highway, blast it in my driveway
Put that shit on replay, turnt up on agave
Check the kimosabe, my life is so behind me
If you ain't feeling it, come and find me
Come and find me

Yeah, I'm so on to you
I'm so on to you
I'm on to you

Is it too much to ask for lyrics?
I mean it's 2014 man, c'mon really
You niggas could learn a lot by now
Watch this

Give a fuck about these haters man
I'm the flyest that there's ever been
I'm always reppin' Stone Mountain
You know my show is sold out
You know my smoke is so loud
And still about his business
Stay up out my business
Flow so vicious
When niggas talkin' shit, shut they mouth, that's what this is
I walk up in the party, we took all the bitches
They love how I move, we might need a minute
God damn, Summer looking like son of Sam, I'm killin' niggas
Hang with models and a couple strippers
She love my music so I nutted in her
Damn I'm decent, Liam Neeson
I'm takin' over, you playing sober
Gassed up and you finished last
I'm crying nigga, that's tear gas
Woooh, now I'm flexing

I bet you I can make that ass hot
C'mon bae, drop it like a ass shot
Say my sixteen will make that ass hot
Song done, drop it like a ass shot
Boy stuntin' got they ass hot
Go on nigga, drop 'em like a ass shot
Jump on this beat and get they ass hot
Go on girl, drop it like a ass shot

I am, the prince, two cups, always
Our team, got money, we stunt hard, so don't hate
Fall off, no way, we run it, it's too late
We smoke sour, call that flowers
I just blew, a bouquet
My girl, so sweet, like Crème brûlée
But still, she that hood, like red Kool-Aid
We on top, toupée, I got hits, like touché
I just did Rome in one day
I just flew out to Croat-ia
I'm independent man and still doin' major
Young King so flashy got me lookin' like lazers
Atlanta housewife I can make ya like Phaedra
So let's play my, I'mma play ya
Get bands, then head to la playa
My niggas is bias
My brothers the owner, fuck with 'em get higher
G-lover spit fire, that flame is saliva
We're riders that got Nick Cannon's now
Make 'em drop you like Mariah, wassup?

Start her off with gin and tonic, mine's a double
Out in Vegas fool, you know I'm bettin' double
Double your car note, double your mama rent
Ain't shit but house money, I ain't spent a cent
Mo' money mo' problems, yeah that's official
I just throw cash at it, that's my issue, it's hard
So I feed my boo boo hard that moo moo bags until she...
If she need mo', then girl I miss you, bye
But ain't no lookin' back
I'm goin' Chevy with metallic fuckin' gun style
No door handle, she high  tryna figure how
While my auto mobile looks like Girls Gone Wild
That's top off, nigga drop offs
Slidin' dirty with yo' dame
OG sativa baby, watch ahead for that air plane
Fuck with my money, and I'm at your house like the mail came
You meet the Swank lion, beast mode, untamed

Big homie have you seen her
She got the Dobrev, all white Nina
Packed like Serena, or maybe Trina
Shit I don't know, they both got ass
So of course he came to give you all these courses
And you can't ignore 'em, cause these hoes adore 'em
Words hot, don't slur 'em
I just speak up, so please ho, keep up
Please ho, keep up
Ok, ok, ok, she ain't getting money, no way
I met her on a Monday, but I fucked her back to Sunday
I told her she my Brandy, I'm her one and only Wanya
Till she drove off the driveway in her '97 Hyundai, bitch

Minutes go by. People start to crowd around The Boy as he continues on piano. So many people he can't think

Misla is sitting knees to chest with a french dude in the center of the pool table. They're eating s'mores

Emily and Steve are jumping over the fire pit like idiots

There are people saying things, giving opinions, feeling interesting. Everyone has a purpose tonight. It's a great time

...this is a waste

...of time

No one can hear him. It's a party

SMASH

Everyone stares

The Boy looks up. There's a deep inhale, then he starts smashing everything. Glass sprays everywhere, alcohol splashes, people start running out

But right before, someone grabs the cell phone, laying their hand on top of it, daring The Boy to hit the hand. The Boy barely stops in time
Eyes locked
She slowly takes her phone, making complete eye contact the entire time, then walks out. Everyone stares at this strange interaction
As soon as she leaves, The Boy goes back to smashing things

The Boy turns. Fam's just sitting there. No one even noticed him. Fam gives him a SMH. The Boy leaves

INT. THE BOY'S ROOM - LATER NIGHT
The Boy lays in his bed. Blue and black stripes from the shades fold over his face. He can hear raccoons scurrying outside
He sees a spider in the corner of the room. Just sitting in its web
...The Boy gets up

The Boy drives. I'm not sure where he's driving. He's not sure where he's driving
He drives about an hour out into some industrial wasteland-looking nook of Los Angeles
He parks his car

The Boy realizes he hasn't eaten all day. Maybe that's what's wrong

EXT. FATBURGER - NIGHT
The Boy orders a burger in the drive thru
A skinny Latino kid with a Bluetooth hands him the bag. The Boy pulls over to the side and opens the bag. He looks at the burger for a moment
The Boy throws the burger out

All the lights are off now

INT. THE BOY'S ROOM - NIGHT

I got this money, baby. I wanna spend it on you
I got this Sunday, baby. I wanna spend it with you
We can do what you like. I promise then, I'll be true

I don't really know where to go, don't know where to hide
Everywhere that I go, you'll be right by my side
You're the only girl that I have ever dreamed of
I wanna tell you everything, but everything just seems dumb

I kinda like you, girl, really wanna dress you up
I wanna buy you for real
I kinda like you, girl, really wanna feel you up
I wanna feel you for real

I got an upstairs, downstairs in my loft
Check the mixtape, baby. I don't talk
Yes, I run this shit, like it's hard to walk
And you think that I'm dope, like a mound of chalk
I'm recession proof. I work to relax, ho
Weird voice catch beef like a lasso
New fresh prince, you can chill in my castle
Spit real shit, so I must be an asshole, right?
Nah, that's why I'm makin' out in your car
These blogs are a dude's A&R
Got a big tip for these girls at the bar
But I don't mean money
Ever since the money, they just treat me funny
Girls look good, she can take green from me
Ain't trickin' if you got it, know what I mean, buddy?

You've got your yellow sun dress on
I'm tryna write you the best song
With your Wayfarer shades, you drive me insane
I wanna hold hands, and call you pet names

Yeah!

We can go to Saturn, it doesn’t really matter
We can get there, we can do it if we try
You know that I love you, put no one else above you

Knock, knock, it’s me
I’mma take ya fine ass out to Applebee’s
Get anything you want, this shit is free
My friend work here
Whatcha mean, I ain’t romantic?
I bought you flowers, so what they plastic?
We could fuck for hours, so what, I’m nasty?
I ain’t got the roommate, that was my old place
I’mma take you to the crib and show you the ‘O’ face
You make me feel like I’m back in the 5th grade
Had a crush on Keana and she rocked the one braid
And I thought that sex was when you touched a girl’s butt
You could get a girl pregnant, so look, but don’t touch
I like you so much, I know it sound crazy
But I’d have a sex change just so I could have your baby
The roles are reversed, so you got a huge dick, and I got a Prada purse
A nigga so sick, that my car’s a doctor
Take a gamble on a nigga that your name was Proctor
Kick it in Chinese like you’re Shaolin soccer
Got nothin’ but dinero, so you meetin’ the Fockers
Look at my clock-ers, it’s time to roll out
Get sneaks, sneaks, and sneaks, and they sold out
That’s what I’m all about and if you got the time
It’s hard to make change when you want one dime

Welcome back everyone to "Pinoys in Space"
Got a new constellation for you to trace
Use the far East star for your startin’ place
You see it? My big dipper's slappin’ you in the face
Step out of the shed, let the sun be felt
On your head as you undo Orion’s belt
Oh nuts! I just crashed landed on the planet of the gay cliché
Talkin’ Milky Way, bouquets, Broadway, bubblay and Michael Bublé
Sorry if I caught you off-guard with my five-second delay
But the jet-lag’s making me loopy and my sales are soupy
Soupy Sales! I eat chocolate!

I love you baby

Childish Gambino, yes my voice is annoying
So I don't talk, let the streets talk for me
Yeah these girls crazy, half got children
I hate their ex-boyfriends, call 'em Scott Pilgrim
I'm fucking girls I really shouldn't be fuckin' with
But if we get caught we just hand it off to our publicists
Plus I hang with some of their ex boyfriends
What can I say? I make bad choices
Culdesac dropped, day one, five figures
Fish fry nigga, fry mine bigger
Still unsigned, fans sayin', "What's the hold out?
When every show you've ever done's been sold out."
I always wondered what this hollywood would do to me
Who's that rappin', yo it's Troy from Community
Fuck that man, dude you lyin’ like a Mu-fuck
Besides, the beat's real good, but the lyrics sucks
Well I made the beat too, yeah, soak it in
I'm a phenom nigga, where the fuck you been?
People say I should be more humble
I hope they understand, they don't listen when you mumble
It only takes a lie to make a dynasty crumble
That why I catch feelings and these other dudes fumble
I'm not playing, this music's something I care about
I take this shit to the streets, watch me air it out
Get the check, deposit the shit at Maxfield
Feelin' my self, I don't even need an ex-pill
I wish he'd do a funny rap, like SNL did
If I don't take myself serious, who the fuck else will?
And to the critics with reviews that were more than sour
Is it strange having jobs I can do tomorrow
You bitches don't like shit, and it's kinda sad
I like food, sex, clothes, watching Breaking Bad
I’m something that these cool kids never really had
That's why these nerdy kids come find me on the internet
I wanna be different, I wanna do it good
Not another actor turn rapper in movies bout the hood
Niggas say they want the real, but get mad when they hear the truth
Please forgive them, father, they're knowing not what they do
I make this music so these younger dudes don't have to choose
Trying to hate me means you really hate you

Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go when I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn, I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable ... untouchable ... untouchable

My dad called sayin', "Son are you okay?
I just listened to ‘The Last’ on your mixtape"
Dad I'm fine, you just need to understand
When I'm rappin on a track, that's exactly who I am
And all my smart friends sayin, "I really liked your album dude"
"But you could be the next Mos Def if you wanted to"
Dear friends, I respect your responses
But my life is a dream, so I rap unconscious
I'm sorry guys, I hope I didn't let you down
I rap what I know and hope the fans will work it out
Not conceited but sick of trying to lay low
No drugs, I'm just trying to tell 'ye "yo.”
Online dudes shouting out that they better than me
I'm doin' three other jobs, bitch you better be
Cause if you're trying really hard, that's embarrassing
I won't stop until I'm fucking running everything
The more I rap the more I'm harder to follow
I get a text from Questlove, I gotta call ‘em tomorrow
I'm coming harder than other dudes, so it's harder to swallow
Fuck niggas who doubted me eat your words, it's a feast
I used to hear nah's all the time like Kelis
Fuck the old Donald Glover, Yeah I'm glad he's deceased
Cause that sad weak being been replaced with a beast

We finally made it
And now we sailin’
I never dreamed we’d get this far
My heart keeps asking
How did it get so wonderful? So wonderful

You can call the shots, I’m going to my aunt’s house
What’s it all about? Lookin’ like I’m Millhouse
What’s it all about? I ain’t get my bike back
I ain’t get my bike back, I know where he live at
I know what he look like, I know what I live like
Five to a bed, head to toe, that’s a good night
Five to a bed, head to toe, with the fan on
I don’t think these other niggas know what your man on
I used to have to sneak just to get my food
Free lunch made it feel like they don’t approve
Sell a card for a dollar used to be the move
I wanna be Jabari man that nigga cool
I wanna lash out nigga keep your cool
All my friend did was draw something now he outta school
‘Cuz everything was always “Show me what you’re made of”
And everybody knew somebody who was laid up
I didn’t need it, momma said it’s a lesson
Some people will never like you
Don’t let’em catch you stressin’
You know a code’s a code, the world can’t stop’em
Eating out rat holes and Cheerios boxes
This nigga think he hot shit, he think he good at everything
I just didn’t wanna get left out more
My little sis’ mom got shot, she in the newspaper
Prayers couldn’t save her, she died a day later
Like my cousin got the HIV
When she bust the leg open playing jump rope
Should I tell them kids what the fuck’s up?
They gone judge her and me
Man fuck them, we livin’, all is forgiven
I fucked up royally
But now that’s who we are man you gotta use the royal "we"
This is royalty, and this is all I ever wanted ‘cuz

Do I have to rob Peter just to pay Paul
Just to get a blessing and to get my point across?
Play the game to win, get the money and the cars
Pussy come free when you handle business like a boss
In that GS regal, watch me swang it like a Porsche
One for sitting hard, knockin' pictures off the wall
Bitch I'm out here doggin', and I got 'em droppin' charges
Used to push the great white like I was swimmin' with the sharks
I was dead broke, tell 'em presidents they resurrected
And my dead pockets they was lifeless 'til I sold them records
I'm in the magazine posing with my nigga
Double XL, YSL on a nigga
I'm so high, I could bring hell on a nigga
Lifetime bars no bail for a nigga
Bitches keep head and that tail for a nigga
Think I sold my soul away, this ice fell on a nigga

Play this in your car, give 'em sour face
Play this, play this in the club, give 'em sour face
Nigga, when they hear it, that's that sour face
Nigga lookin' at me crazy, that's that sour face

Ring the alarm, Comme des Garçons
Lunch with a bunch of my niggas at the pond
Bowflex like a dummy, instrumental hungry
Places that I'm stayin' got more whites than all my laundry
Life of a Kennedy, James Dean roll out
Summer spent in places most my people never know about
Gettin' mama new house, for now I'm fuckin' wearin' it
Fourth of July, bitch, my shit be so American
Bless the chick I'm marryin', keep the whole estate intact
Bless the son I didn't have, sprayed 'em on her lower back
Focus on them roaches, I ain't never goin' back
Wine is so precocious, sippin' on somebody's yacht
Real money's never seen, whole thing classic
Think about in 10 years, change your whole mindset
Back when I would still sweat five Gs
Back when I was hookin' up with Ali Brie—stunt!
Yeah, it's East Side forever, bitch
Hate mail comin' from these niggas who was never rich
Or never poor, or never fly
Or seen somebody get wet up outside of Golden Glide
Hot 107, nine dreams when I run through
Man, that's fam, Steve, Swank, that's the whole crew
Monster like a muppet, wallet Warren Buffett
Camp was last year but I ain't ever have to rough it
Lookin' fresh from the McFlys up
You don't know about 'em, better wise up
Busy with them rollers, I don't carry mine

I never feel like everything’s done honestly

What are you doing right now? ;)))

Are there more doors opened or closed in the entire world at this moment?

The problem is we see doors

I just felt really strange about death after seeing someone leave. i felt like it was a really cruel joke

2) What is the meaning for some of the titles, like sweatpants

I’m saying “wanna walk too?”

Rich people wear whatever they want

During what season did you record this album?

Spring? summer? fall? winter?

Did it have an effect on your songwriting/state of mind/et cetera?

Thnx

- Will you be my friend and can we eat Osso buco together?
- Can you break down some of the beats on Because The Internet?
- How much influence do you get from Kanye West?

I am def your friend if you’re good with yourself and like to talk about stuff. notero LOVES my osso bucco

Sorry to get personal right away but people always ask basic ass questions in Q and A’s so here it goes

I know you were raised Jehovah’s Witness but do you still follow any type of religion?

I don’t really believe in religion for myself. i’ve become spiritual, more at peace with things. but i don’t believe in god. not like that

What website do you visit the most?

Rap genius

What was the meaning behind the title of “Clapping for the Wrong Reasons”?

Its a semi famous quote

-22 y.o male who has just gotten heavily into Sade’s music

What does the ending of the last song symbolize? like that life can end at any second randomly?

You should read the ‘because the internet’ script when it’s released

If you could trade hairlines with another person, who would it be?

They tell me i should fix my hairline cause i got money now

I ain’t gon sit around and front like i ain't thought about it

A perfect hairline is more appealing but it’s funny how

My shit is FUCKED UPPPPPPP but look how far i done got without it

I keep my HALF OF AN OCTAGON hairline fucked up just to show the kids it’s real

What did your followers realize at the end of The Biggest Troll?

They realize “they don’t need a leader”

Pliz respond

I really wanna see africa. we were planning on south africa soon

I always wanna experiment. in everything. i’ll always try to push myself. i just never wanna be bored

Do you make things that have or message or do you just let people interpret it? Kind of like 3005?

Since your probably not going to see/respond to this, let me stan a little bit haha

Ha. thanks

It sounds like you are influecnced by john lennon quite alot? care to elaborate?

To be honest, i don’t know much about him. i was always a beach boys dude over beatles. i learned a little about him through jhene

Who is your favorite artist outside of Hip-Hop?

Perosnally, Gorillaz or Red Hot Chilli Peppers

Anything by sam cooke

Whats your perspective on camp looking back at it now ?

I love camp. it there’s little things i’d change, cause i know how music better, but yeah. i does what it’s supposed to do

How do you sing so beautifully?

That’s what you call it?

Did My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and Yeezus’s sound play a role in Because The Internet? How big of a influence is Kanye to you?

CAN YOU BREAK DOWN THE SONG TO “BOY BAND” ?!!!???!!!!

How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren’t real?

Mirrors aren’t real

I don’t feel like I’ve missed any opportunity, honestly

1) Favourite cartoon , what is your choice ?

2) Would you ever do more stand-up shows or skits for youtube ?

3) Favourite album in 2013 , from any genre ?

I really like China, IL. American Dad has the best jokes. Adventure time. Regular Show. Amazing world of gumball

If you were an animal, what would you be?

Koala

Who is your favorite philosopher?

Patrice O'Neal and Louis CK

Video

1) Do you have a whole bunch of those white shirts or is it the same one?
2) Are you thinking about doing another comedy special in the near future?
3) What was your sister’s reaction to your fame and come up in the rap game?
4) Has Chevy Chase ever recited any of your lyrics or played any of your songs?

Thanks for just taking the time to read the questions. roscoes wetsuit

First. thanks for doing all this work for me on rap genius

1) i have like 9 of these shirts

2) i honestly don’t know

3) she’s good with it. she’s the best

4) no. I’m positive he has never heard of childish gambino. I’m pretty sure he thought i was eddie murphy the entire we were on set

You should read “mastery” by robert greene

Cool. i have some work to do

Thanks for the questions. rap genius is a dope place. cool to see you guys taking such good care of it

Happy leak day

Everyone kiss notero goodnight

Learn to code

Yeah, yes, I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop

Cheezy wassup!
Let me hear you holla, bitch
Actor, writer, rapper, nigga, I do all of it
Lactose tolerant; addicted to cheddar
And I spent it on a jacket, man, I don't know no better
Yeah, it's Childish Gambino, yeah I'm fly as a feather
Yeah, my nigga be suburban but my flow keep it ghetto
Keep my swagger Polaroid, you can watch it develop
Ain't it funny? In a year I went from different to special
Yeah I got it together, yeah, I took those chances
Labels on me like I might cause cancer
Yes a nigga flow went from Camry to Phantom
I'm just talking real shit, hoping you can handle
Sleeping on the jet like "lier" like chandle
Flyer than a jet women, hoping they can land him
How we turn everything to gold that they hand 'em?
I am just different, that's the only answer

Yeah, yes I'm on top

I'm a hero
I'm a hero, yeah

Back on my grind, nigga I'm a skater
She just think I'm fine, nigga you's a hater
Style with no name, they just want to label me
They should call it what these other niggas are afraid to be
APC store walkin' out with eight bags
Yeah I'm killin' paper, call it poppin' tag
You ever spend three grand on designer vision
When you should really spent it on your little sis tuition?
She played my album when nobody else out there would listen
I'm comin' harder than these girls that you would swear were pissin'
Davinci-esque, I'm the real deal
The only thing I don't know is how fake feel
I'm living everything these other niggas lyin' bout
Bitches don't believe me, to prove it to em I fly 'em out
She say that I'm her everything, I'm better than those other guys
I say "I'm just a rapper." She tell me "That's a fuckin' lie."

They said me rappin' was like MJ and baseball
But that would make me MJ, so motherfuck all of y'all
Trippin' on this fame shit, drinking like a fuckin fish
Listen to the next track I Be On That other shit
Yes I sound weird, nigga, take it as a compliment
Guess who's in the house and representing like a congressman
Anything I put my mind to I accomplish it
From writing scripts with Tina Fey to laying down the hardest shit
Who else is doing what I'm doing? No one
And I mean girls too, intended no pun
I'm on the road son, busy like I'm Bone Thug
Comment left anonymous cause ain't nobody want none
She laying in my bed she gotta be bi-curious
Barf on the track, be amazing and rap-furious
Damn bloggers argue whether or not I'm serious
It's Nas' Illmatic not Eddie Murphy's Delirious
Got the limelight, you stupid you think I'm sharing this
Showing up late, promoters wondering where he is
Got some nightmares, but failing's gotta be scariest
But I would never fail, I'm a hero one of the best there is

What if you were a Jehovah's Witness
That was merely pretending to be into Christmas
Gathering clues and blending in
To take down the holidays from within

You mean like a spy, investigating?
Making it seem like I'm celebrating?

Going deep cover past enemy lines
Making everybody think I'm on the Christmas side
Rockin' warm sweaters, hangin' big ass lights
If the fat man could see me yo it's gotta look right
I'll watch all the TV specials that I never could
I'll even cry during the sad ones like James Bond would
And when the big night comes, it's time to set the bait
Cold milk, hot cookies, decking the plate!
And hear him down the chimney
And then it'll be just him and me
But he won't know we're enemies
Cause I'll play sincere
Bring a trap, like that
Hug him tight, get on his lap
And tell him he can come back every year
Cause I am Jehovah's most secret witness
So I might have to dedicate my life to Christmas
And act just like I love it 'til the day I die

A-B-E-D
Connoisseur of Christmas
On the spectrum? None of your business
Thoughts too fast to comprehend
Just wanna do right, by my friend
If years were seasons, this December
Would be the December of our December
More blueprints than Howard Hughes
But if there are blueprints, how do we choose?
We have to be happy to get to the end
We have to save Christmas to save our friends

We have to save Christmas to save our friends!

Yo I want to give a special shout out to DJ Drama, for letting me do this

Stuntin' 101, I'm doing shit that ya'll never done
Talking from TVs and movies, these the choppers to Uzis
Nothing can bruise me, nigga this is more than a movement
My squad is forever, we ain't getting annulments
New song on your speakers got me getting enormous
Played a performance, niggas getting paid on performance
A lot of ya'll hate cause my women is gorgeous
I mean they a work of art, something out of a portrait
I mean I'm a work of art, all my verses is poetry
Niggas is different, you chicken, we ain't fucking with poultry
Bunch of crab ass bloggers got me allergic to shellfish
If I fell off in a day, man, these niggas be helpless
I be bringing on a plane 'till you lames get mailed it
It's ROYALTY and, nigga, I'm the king like Elvis
I don't talk about it, let them niggas conversate
What's the song about it? Give her D and smoke a J
We don't play, I'm so on a bench, money is the stench
Let me vent, I'mma smoke 'em out, circles from her mouth
What's my favorite sound? "Oh my God I'm cumming"
Second favorite sound? "Oh that sound like money"
Oh that sound like freedom
Oh that sound gon' need a feature but he didn't need him
I'm coming back like Jesus, color Reeces Pieces
That's the money down here, we gon' need a Visa
Bread like he Anita
That's my DJ, thank you DJ Drama
Came in this bitch like my baby mama
I believe in karma so I run the summer
All I got is checks, check out all these commas!
Check out how I'm eating, it is very cool
James White a nigga, man I'm such a fool
I'm doing me so cold, this nigga spitting so cold
His girl 20 years old, she know she 'bout to get choose
That rabbit hole, I'm talking shit, but I'm rapping though
And that IRS and I'm taxing hoes and I saw the check
And said "add some o's, add some o's!"
Why my clique so animal? Why my clique so Set It Off?
And I'm Queen Latifah you know I'm eatin', I fucked it up
Niggas think we ain't tough enough, niggas think we was born rich
Niggas thinking a lot of shit, niggas don't know a wars coming
Niggas don't know I saw something, killing trees, Paul Bunyon
Bunyon foot, foot clan, klans man... Alamo
Stream of conscious, I don't know
Flow was done a long time ago, and I feel for niggas who save a ho
I ain't got time and I'm throwing up like gang signs
But that was not the case
You niggas wish your lifestyle was nice as my place
I'm eating off these white kids, I don't need their plate
We burning down that blue dream, she sitting on my face
I'd leave it on her backside, but that'd be a waste
That be a waste, that be a waste

First I want to give a shout out to DJ Drama
I really appreciate it
I wanna give a shout out to DJ Rhetorik
He did all the cuts and all the scratches
Frankie Robinson out there in Chicago
Leandro Rush, and T in Ohio
Yesi Ortiz, these are all DJs
E-man, LA Leakers, DJ Reflex
Everybody out in LA, Felli
Peter Rosenberg, Cipha Sounds
Everybody at Hot 97
Everybody at Power 105
People down at V103
DJ Iceberg over at Hot
You've been fucking with me since the beginning
Melody McCloskey
Ryan Sarver
Owen Brainard
Krutal
Matt Mullenweg
Sergey Brin
Jack Dorsey
Angela Benton
That's about it, I'm sure there's people I forgot
But, you're appreciated regardless
I hope you enjoy the mixtape
And then I woke up

INT. HOSPITAL - DAY

...my eyes feel heavy

A nurse comes in

Nurse gives a "yep" look

Silence. The Nurse begins to clean up

Nurse leaves

INT. WAITING ROOM - LATER THAT DAY
The Boy walks out of the double doors. Steve, Swank, and Fam are sitting there. They look up wearily

They all just stare. Swank gets up slowly and walks over

INT. JET PLANE - EVENING
The Boy lays his head against the plane window, the oil from his hair leaving grease smudges all over the window
He wanted to be cremated

The rest of her pictures confirmed she was indeed pretty

INT. STRANGE OFFICE - NIGHT
The Boy is sitting at a desk, across from a solemn man. An urn sits on the left side of the desk
The man slides it over to The Boy

Silence. Don't you have to ask someone before you cremate their father? I don't know how these things work

He gives The Boy a large brown paper bag

INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
The Boy vapes on the foot of his bed. He's DMing back and forth with "Hello_Pity_" whose real name is Alyssa

Weird

He puts his phone down

EXT. STOCKHOLM STREETS - NIGHT

A girl is standing outside smoking, at least trying to. She can't seem to get the cigarette lit. It's Alyssa

She gives him a kiss on both cheeks

She puts out her cigarette. After two big puffs

EXT. STOCKHOLM STREETS - CONTINUOUS
The Boy and Alyssa walk slowly through the streets. It's very cold, so they're the only ones doing that

She shivers

The two are sitting on the bed staring at the urn on the table

The Boy is pissed. He's trying not to blow up

She LOLs. They're still walking this entire time. They stop at the water. They stand there making small clouds for a moment

The Boy shrugs

He pours out the ashes. He's gone

Alyssa and The Boy turn around. It's Alyssa's boyfriend

She pushes him back as he takes swipes at The Boy. The Boy is mildly annoyed. They're all yelling at each other

The boyfriend breaks free from her

The boyfriend starts making the noises a fox makes in the song

The Boy walks away. Alyssa and her boyfriend start a boring argument in the cold as he disappears

INT. LA VEGAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT

The Boy doesn't say anything. Fam and the girl look on
A girl walks up to the table. The Boy looks up. It's the girl from the party

The Boy doesn't say anything

She sits down

In his head, he was lol-ing. In real life, he just kinda looked down

The Boy smirks

Awkward. Silence

Fam and The Boy stare at each other for a moment. Then laugh. Another Girl and Naomi do not

They slowly stop laughing. Naomi thinks The Boy is weird. But she doesn't run

Fam and Another Girl are sitting on the swings smoking and talking about something they will never remember and don't really care about
Naomi and The Boy sit in the living room

Naomi LMAOs

He slowly turns to her. "how does she know that?"

She hits the vape

He looks up. She lifts an eyebrow. He doesn't smile. She goes cross-eyed. No response. She stops, then sighs

She LOLs and mushes his face with her hand. The Boy smh, but smiles

Someone gave you all my love, baby
All my love

The Deep Web TourFebruary 27      Oakland, CA                  Fox Theater
February 28      Santa Barbara, CA        UC Santa Barbara
March 03          San Diego, CA               Soma
March 04          Tempe, AZ                     Marquee Theater
March 07          Dallas, TX                      South Side Ballroom
March 08          Houston, TX                  House of Blues
March 17          Kansas City, MO           Arvest Bank Theatre
March 18          St Paul, MN                   Myth
March 19          Chicago, IL                    Riviera Theatre
March 21          Milwaukee, WI               Eagles Ballroom
March 22          Detroit, MI                    The Fillmore
March 24          Toronto, ON, Canada    Sound Academy
March 25          Toronto, ON, Canada    Sound Academy
March 26          Montreal, QC, Canada   Metropolis
March 28          Philadelphia, PA           Electric Factory
March 29          New York, NY                Hammerstein Ballroom
March 30          Boston, MA                   House of Blues
April 01            Silver Spring, MD         The Fillmore
April 03            Atlanta, GA                   Masquerade Music Park
April 29            Denver, CO                   Fillmore Auditorium
May 02             Las Vegas, NV              The Chelsea Ballroom
May 03             Los Angeles, CA           Shrine Auditorium
May 06          Oakland, CA                   Fox Theater

This... is Blake Griffin. This... is royalty

Take note, in the “3005″ lyric video, Abella Anderson is a cam girl and is in a private show with THE BOY

Girl, I messed up real bad
I'm looking back on the days that we both had
I go to bed and I dream so hard
Of little mixed kids running in the front yard
I need you close, I need your kiss
I never ever, ever, ever knew a love like this
I, miss you more than Puffy missed B.I.G
I didn't think that you would leave a hole this big
In my life, you need to be my wife
I made this song while holdin' the pillow tight
And wishin' that it was you, what can a nigga do
Fuck this success, fuck these interviews
Fuck these phone calls, girl you are worth it
When I was happy, you were happy, you are perfect
When I was blue, you were blue, you're my Smurfette
I put my best chips on the worst bet

Girl, I need you like I need air
And fuck these other honeys, I will be there
I never ever, ever thought that I would be scared
Of living in a world when you are not there
My biggest fear is that you won't give a fuck
When you play this song on your MacBook
"Is that CG, yo, he's old news
I'm way too busy with my new dude."
The best time I ever had
Is kissing in my shitty ass Ikea bed
I wish that it was me instead
Feeling all your pain
I know that it is different now
It will never be the same but
I swear to God, our love special
You can be my number 2 like one pencil
Or you can be my number one, I will let you
In on my life, I've changed so much since you
Left, that hotel room
And if you're with another guy, go tell dude
That he could never keep us apart, he needs a better door
He'll always be the guy that you settle for
I'll always be the guy you're supposed to be with
Where the fuck is Cupid when you need him
I'm so Sam Cooke, I need Cupid too
I play Sam Cooke and I think of you

Baby girl we need to be together
This song ain't for my album
This song is for the better
And even though I'm living in a city full of strangers
They can see I'm different
They can see my anger
They can see my pain
They can see the way I talk about you
They see the way I'm living and I won't live long without you
I drink every night, I smoke more too
I think it is safe to say death or you
I need you more now than I ever did
I'm still the same guy you fell in love with
I need a second chance like I need a prayer
Sometimes I think God just doesn't care
I hope he has a plan for both you and I
So we can be together at a different time
Remember when I come home late
And you'd be crying over some food on a cold plate
I'll never do that shit to you again
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever known and my best friend
Baby girl we need to make up
And when I dream of you, I don't want to wake up
And when I don't dream, I don't want to wake up
I'd rather die now than not have your touch
Cause I miss you so much

INT. RENTAL HOME - DAY

The Boy is washing dishes as Naomi stands next to him. They just had lunch

The Boy stops. She got em

She doesn't laugh. He hopes she's LOLing inside. Cellphone vibrates on the counter across from them. The Boy goes over and reads the text

Nothing real is ever "fine". Remember this

He walks out. They don't see each other anymore

EXT. I-10 - DAY

The Boy is driving down the highway listening to "Danny Glover" by Young Thug

Four dudes are standing waiting at the front door

Something is wrong

The Boy stops singing and stands there in front of the dudes. They look at him
Alone

They all pull out 45s

They all walk in

The Boy sits in the living room. Maybe he could run out the back? Where though?

Maybe he could text Fam

The Boy hands him his phone. Fuck

Two dudes stand guard at the front and back exits. One dude packs the bricks from

They wouldn't care what you thought. It'd be anarchy. Or a utopia. Depending on who you ask

...try to do your best

Oh! It's like Tony Montana. But resigned and, frankly, more realistic, cause it's boring. Everybody dies. Most of them are boring

This is bad. The Boy tosses the wallet. Dude 2 looks through it

Dude 2 looks up

There's a pool out there. You're supposed to get this wave of euphoria when you drown. Supposed to be good

Dude 2 stares

Dude 2 starts to walks over...

Dude 2 sits next to him

He's a cop. This nigga's a cop

The Boy looks to the pool in the backyard and sees his own body floating lifeless

It looks peaceful. Fitting. He'd like to go out like that

...what's that sound?

Tires SCREECH outside. Dude 2 stands up. There's a small crash outside. Yelling

GUNSHOTS

The Boy and Dude 2 look at each other

Dude 1 kicks open the door. He starts firing. Dude 2 falls. A mist of red puff spurts from his chest. He's screaming

Dude 1 turns to The Boy and sho

THE END

Skinny tie and a cuff tight
I can't find you
The girl that I once had
All the things that we thought we was losing
I'm ghost and you know this

Hab dir ein Schloss gebaut aus Luft
Zwischen Wodkarausch und Clubs
Es ist Schrott gehauen nach so vielen Versprechen
Mit diesen zwei Händen
Steh nicht mal auf eigenen Beinen, doch auf den Gästelisten der Stadt
Habe Tag und Nacht was zu feiern, doch weiß beim besten Willen nicht was
Zerspreng die Panzerketten
Bestell die Tanztabletten
Streu so viel Zucker in die Wunden bis das Salz nicht mehr brennt
Hab einen großen Palast
Dir so nobel vermacht
Und dann in eisiger Nacht
Aus eigener Kraft in den Boden gestampft
Wache steht’s in fremden Betten auf
Such den Weg ins fremde Treppenhaus
Setz ein eklig fremdes Lächeln auf
Und geh dann mit den ewig selben Sätzen raus
Du rufst an und ich mach das Handy aus
Und ich weiß wie es dich zerreißt
Und na klar vermiss ich dein Lächeln auch
Doch am meisten vermiss ich meins
Damit du weißt

Cause he went and tried out all new condoms
Slipped off in a threesome, good problems?
Askin' him if she gonna play games
With the super smash brothers, but none of them you
Is the only thing girls want when you in that stroke
And like

This is exactly what I wanted
All my fans love me
Dad is proud of me
Momma cries for me
Cause she know there ain't sleep in my schedule
Having nightmares that I'm the black Heath Ledger
Sleep when I'm dead
These voices in my head
Got me waking up at 4 just so I can write instead
And my friends come and ask me if it's worth it
I tell them that "It better be, I did this shit on purpose!"
The worst is being worthless
Now a nigga priceless
Bloomingdales coat, I don't have to check the prices
But I only go to feel a sense of control
Cause I get this shit for free if I wear promotional
And I'm not emotional when I do my work
I get emotional when I order that dessert
Cause she always ate dessert
And I deserted her
But I refuse to compromise career for a girl
Cause this music and this writing and this acting is my soul
And if I let it go, there'd be no one left to know
Being happy is the goal, but greatness is my vision
And all these girls are thinking they compete with my ambition
But baby I am different
This shit is my life
And if you don't believe me, you can never be wife
I'm walking in this darkness and I'm tryna find a light
And I'd rather die than be average and chances are I might, because...

Things are changing, my life's gone pecans
Thirteen cities in the last eight weekends
All I know is baby I'm so tired
Record on Monday
Tape on Tuesday
I ain't slowing down I don't care what you say
Fuck this health thing, Momma I'm alright

Oh, Oh, Oh

Okay, One for the money, two for the money
I used to write jokes, ain't this shit funny?
Models on me, yes these girls crazy
Gotta take advantage that is what the fans made me
Shine on these niggas, how these niggas stay shady?
And if you don't see me, you are not star gazing
Play my cards right, I may never meet the dealer
And yes I'm in the building like a horror movie killer
I gotta stay sick, I'd be dead if I was iller
Is it weird going hard when these niggas goin pillow?
Yep, my life is great, I changed my stars
I re-arrange fate when I rap on bars
Cheezy in the building, hope you niggas missed me
Chilling with these bitches, got my nigga feeling tipsy
Haters mean mugging, face is sour like my whiskey
I don't need a chaser, tell that liquor come and get me
Who'd have thought this rapping make sense, no 50?
And if you're doing great like I am, Say it with me

Yeah, I used to be broke, no Cash
And them niggas played games, Road Rash
Walking 'round NYU, Looking for a dollar
Too proud to ask my friends or my struggling father
So I skate around the city for a couple hours
Dreaming up a day that I could say this world is ours
Now I got some, but I want it all
And I won't stop until Rihanna gives my ass a call
And I know that I'm addicted to this alcohol
Cause this shit hurts, call it the uncle curse
But I'm living for the moment, not the long haul
And I refuse to slow down until its last call
Erykah keeps telling me to grow a conscience
And treat women like money, no object
But these hoes are a much different story
Straight laced chicks don't do nothing for me
I'm in a weird place, I got a little money
But money won't buy you time, If all the time is running from me
There's so much I wanna do, like write a script or write a book
Get an hour on HBO, and date a girl who likes to cook
And stop having all of these crushes on all of my friends girlfriends
I think I'm jealous they got someone when the world ends
It looks nice, I gotta get me one of those
I haven't found Mrs. Right, but I'm On it though
Yeah I'm on it though

We are really close and this party's really loud
We should go outside and talk, better yet, let's take a cab
We're kissing in the back, my apartment's pretty close
Baby, let me make you breakfast, an omelet with some toast
These girls are on my mind, wasn't my design
To be sitting here across from you, pretending I ain't lyin'
I know exactly how you feel, I wanna keep it real
I never thought that I'd be working for the start cause

These girls have all the best of me
I bet that I will lose it all
I know this thing will never last
I need to tear it all apart
I bet that I can lose it all

I don't have the heart - fuck it, I don't have the head
Every time that we're apart, someone's sleepin' in my bed
I wanna be alone, I wanna be alone
This fame and fortune shit shows me things I wasn't knownin'
You're my biggest fan, I promise to be there
I wanna be that guy, but I don't think I can
I'm losin' everything, I wanna let it go
I wanna take it right and slow because

In the fourth grade I had a crush on Tia Smith
Sixth grade and this crush is turned to Beatrice
But they don’t like me because I’m too nice
And I’m kinda fat and not the dope type

But I grew out of that and it’s a miracle
Now every girl sees me as marryin’ material
It’s a buyer’s market, I’m Alicia’s target
And every other girl who wanna let me steam their carpet

I love these hipster girls and they feel the same
Now they don’t have to choose when someone asks ‘em Drake or Wayne
And niggas waiting on me, we didn’t have a voice
You used to have to act street and now you’ve got a choice

My momma’s brownie mix, I keep the goodies moist
Of every girl I’m tappin’, this wasn’t supposed to happen
Hard to keep my thoughts straight on every date
Especially when my penis talking SWAT team, cover me, I’m going in

Yes, I got a million other girls
You don’t wanna hear that for fear that I fuck a lot
And you don’t wanna get attached cause you’ll like me
I fuck a girl named Keira nightly
Nah, I made her up
‘Cause it sounded dope, I don’t give a fuck
Ride me, giddy up
They can hear us in the hall, Arsenio
Naw, girl, I don’t wanna shoot a video
I do it all day, don’t you watch me on the TV show?
I’m gonna get mines any means necessary
Got Red Bull pulsing through my pulmonary
Least I feel like it, met her at a club
Now we’re making out, and I ain’t spend a dub
I’m gonna try to live it up like TOP FLR
And my girls like gifts so I bought more

All girls 18 and over love this light-skinned Casanova
House pimped out, William Sonoma
Sleep on me, that is a coma

Yeah, nigga, you see what I’m gettin’ at
I’m gettin’ at her, I’m hittin’ that
Her kitty cat purr, how weird is that?
I’m diggin’ that

A nigga not tryin’ to say you don’t make mistakes
I’m trying to fix all the hearts I break
But every time that we talk in my apartment
We’re gonna kiss a little, and then we start shit

“You’re heartless, don’t call again
Don’t email, we can’t be friends
I swear that this is the end”
Then I call her next week and we do it again

My girls, my girls, my girls, my girls

I just want four walls and adobe slats for my girls
Ow!)

A kid at the oakland DEEP WEB TOUR stop asked me if i would “change my clothes once i made a million.”

"will u change ur clothes once u reach a million?"

DJ Wonder
We gon' rock at least 5 beats, to show your versatility
What you're made of
You gotta rock 5 back, aiight?
Here we go. Childish Gambino, let's go

As the world's turnin', I feel like I'm a worse person
My tongue's hurtin', from all of its work cursin'
And I'm not certain I think my father's Lavar Burton
'Til I'm walkin' in circles and I'm talkin' in third person
In the eighth grade I got high off paper maché
I put it in my desk and I let it ferment a day
Cause shit, ain't nothin' changed
I'm still known as a rude student
That'll walk inside your class and make fun of your school shootin'
I can prove it
I'm too cool as a matter of fact
I've been writin' these verses while I'm havin' a heart attack
I'm in your bedroom, crankin' No Doubt and Staring Back
Stereo blaring, Gwen Stefani can holla black
I'm not black, I'm a white boy with dark skin
At a Klan rally, wondering why they won't let me in
I'm drunk off this gin and I'm high off Ritalin
Fuck it, let me get to the next beat

I'm the nerdiest rapper ever
I'm wearing a Cosby sweater
And reading Oscar Wilde
Ripping my foreskin to make a washable condom
A bunch of assassins tried to jump me
They couldn't touch me
I rolled off in a yellow Humvee with a bunch of monkeys
My taste buds hate fudge, man
Plus I'm allergic
I'mma dress up like a surgeon so I could hurt Curtis on purpose
And girls see my dick size and they realize
That they can't handle it
I get more sodomy than Tommy Lee and Pam... Anderson?
With my du-rag in my left hand
And my iPod and my diskman
I get more kicks out of it than Jean Claude Van Damm
And I'm still spittin', I'm still hittin'
Big pimpin' like Hova
Yo, let me be the rap...run over
Yea, lemme go, lemme go

Childish Gambino, yo this off the dome
I gotta keep it goin' cause I came from home
Come from Rome, Athens
Or Atlanta, Georgia
Got somethin' for ya
Yes I got some s'mores cause I'll boil you
Like I got that Goya
You know how they play Reggaeton in the beats
When you in NYC
Meaning that me and I'm sickest
Yo, Aaahh!!! Real Monsters Like Ickis
Yo, this chick that I used to lick it
Now her name Aubrey Plaza
I didn't mean to kick it while I'm gettin' salsa
Like I'm eatin' salsa, cause she Puerto Rican
Some people speakin' like she ain't white
But you know that's alright 'cause I keep it tight

Nerdy word murderer in a purple convertiber
Niggas ain't heard of him until his girlfriend converted him
Bitch niggas is Ferguson, I guess I could explain it all
Like all these niggas wanna bone cause you datin' dogs
Or why the radio used to not play me
And why does every white girl love ukelele?
Where I'm from, the Jesus piece couldn't save me
And I'm still spittin' shit cause I'm gettin' like gravy
Eatin' like mashed potatoes, I hate those
Haters who say that I'm not black enough
Yo, you ain't wack enough to fuckin' touch my MC mic
You better keep it tight
Eat a dick like you starvin' homie

Yo, on this last beat I'mma goner
Gotta spit over somethin' hard, like Nirvana
And I'm crazy
With the beat when it comes to this spittin' it
Shittin' it, while I'm lickin' it
I ain't even need to get it
Man these other unC's, they need to get it
Why this LL Cool J shit
Yo I got pesos and mesos
Meaning I can only hack with they ghost
When they go there, when I go back
And I'm still that, I ain't backpack
But you know, with the fuck the rest
Yo they say that is lame like Johnye West
Or Kanye West
But I ain't Kanye West
I'm just tryin' to stay the truth
And I ain't tryin' to spit the truth
Yo, I do what I gotta do in a booth with Sway
Shay45 all day, y'all know what I'm sayin'

Yes, I'm Mr. Big Stuff
Yeah, my stuff big, man
Keep a girl's pussy bright red like a pig's tan
Four shots and watch me lean like a kick stand
I really need to change my name to, "Hey, I'm a big fan!"
Cause that's all I hear when I'm outside
And my hoodie's never jealous of that tie-dye
Cheesy on the mic, like I'm laying on Jordan
No homo for you niggas homophobic

Yes, I back bend these girls aerobic
And these hoes got a Spiderman like Tobey
Keep these girls wet, call them Lakers like Kobe
Got money trees, asking me, "Do you grow me?"

Latin girls kiss my feet like they're Superga
Latin girls see your face and call you "stupida"
Yes my name is Childish, so I guess I'm cheesy
Yes yes yes my wallet's cheesy
Throw your hood up, are you queasy?

Yes, I am the Juggernaut
Yes, my name is Elroy
Yes, my dick will make that ho tell, like a bell boy
And I get my tip, and my tip is in your girl
And I'm gonna bust a nut like I'm a Gallagher squirrel

It's the man of the hour
Better yet, the century, check the whiskey sour
Lookin' like I'm drinkin' piss
How's he fuckin' thinkin' this
Easy, I'm a mentalist, but I'm not on CBS

Uh, yes it's me Bam-B
What is your daughter to do?
I've been doing this ever since Harry Potter was new
Boy! I don't play, I change games, I am too real
So my words stay hard like a blue pill

I like pink, it always looks good on me
And I like pink, it always looks good on me
That second part I was talking about vagina, homie
Fuck the game at an early age, now there hymen on me

Yes, I am a magnet
Yes, I do attract it
Remember when these fake ass niggas called me faggot?
Cause I had glasses and a pink track jacket
Now those things are assets to help me get some asses
Now these nerdy hoes keep asking me to smash it
Bullies from middle school chatting on my Twitter status
Fuck you, you don't get shit from now on
Unless you got a demo tape, then I can lay some brown on

It's the B to the AMBI, colors like candy
Nigga, I'm the Army. I'm being all I can be
Yes I dress dandy. Get a Klu, like the Klan B
I live hard, I never sleep in, like an Amby

This is for the niggas thinkin' different
While their friends are flippin' pigeons in they're stay po-pimpin'

He never lets the best go past him
My life says yes like it's having orgasms

Stompin' on these niggas like a whack-a-mole with no hands
Get girls on the floor like slow jams
Fuck yeah, I'm feelin' myself, no lotion
My light shine bright, no roaches
Nigga, I'm focused
You the one who eyes wrong
Only time I'm worried is when I'm the no-fly zone
Cause I'm so fly, homes
Fresh like pinecones
Female phone book my iPhone
Margarita bright, meanin' limelight
Nerd girls losin' their shit like prom night
Mouth like a pussy, it can never be too tight
Let me guess, you know a better rapper you, right?

Bam-B
Sicker than your grandma
Pass the mix-tape to a friend like Chandler
'Sports Night' banter
Tell 'em that you know me when you runnin' through Atlanta
I am at the top
Whether you want or not
And I am in my prime
I am an autobot
I do not talk a lot
I am just a rapper
Fuck a girl's pussy bright red like snapper

Sick

Yeah, I stay fly like a pelican
Get new kicks everyday like an ottoman
Ex-girlfriends askin' if they get a shot again
I try to call 'em back but there's a lot of them
Someone tell me why these muthafuckers busy hatin' me
Just because I'm rappin' and my style is kinda Japanese
Band of outsiders
Kitsune, APC
Macy's got shit on me

Fuck what you heard like a dick inside alarm clock
I ain't got no jewelry, I leave it at the pawn shop
Two of your chains equals one of my shirts, sir
You got Jacob's Jeweler, I got Anna Wintour
Niggas jealous cause I got more green than seven splinters
I'd rather spend that money on a polo from La Tigre
Young, smart, and handsome
Who could even ask for more?
I change the situation like auditioning for Jersey Shore

Oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh, Oh-oh

These guys aren't tough-n-stuff
They can talk that shit when the chips are up
But the chips are down, cause I put them there
And I got a hot chip like the indie band
This is Christmas man and my flow is Miami
And the only gold that I have is my Emmy bitch
Yes and a nigga stay down like I'm in a ditch
These niggas never did shit different, I was tired of it
See the other side of it
Hate how they say how hip-hop is dead and everybody is the same now
I am not the same, how could I ever be?
I am so fly and on fire like a phoenix wing
I go light speed, you go slow pace
And I go hard like G-O in bold face
Used to do me cause I had to, now a nigga like to
Cause I get cheese like the mice do
I'm a work of art, crush niggas like I'm crushing on Annie Clark
They stopped sleeping on me, good morning, like Alonzo
Go ahead and cut that shit out like a tonsil
Yes I stay weird and fuck chicks like I'm Gonzo
Sleeping on a cow pie, tired of the bullshit
Dick is her baby, why does she abuse it?
Eight shots and a beer and I'm passing out
Glasses, leather jacket, I'mma ask you out
Spend the night if you got your own tooth brush
I really think I'd like you, but not too much
I got big plans, yeah I feel myself hard like both hands
Yeah, I feel myself hard like both hands

This is all fun, yeah my work is vacation
Me and six shots, that's a bad combination
I don't need your money, this is free, download it
Play it at a party, watch it pop like a soda
Thick, indie black girl, double stuffed Oreo
Make a shit rapper pissed off like a urinal
You cannot see me, I can change your perspective
Sick boy clique, that's an animal collective
Fuckin' withcha raw, like I don't need protection
I am just a rapper, I'm in search a perfection
Spit hot shit, yeah my mouth is a toaster
Shit look easy like a turd in a short skirt
I am not a fairy-tale, I earned this shit
Leave a track on the stove and watch me burn this bitch
Sick as a dog, fly as an angel
I am just a rapper better learn sign language
Cause I don't talk, yeah I fight, Teddy Ruxpin
Yeah I got paper like I just ate a muffin
This is all wrong man, this is all wrong
Have a nigga have a hit and then they sing the same song
That is so not me, I'mma change it all up
Doctor knows I'm sick dude, I don't need a follow up
Tell me when you can't take the track any longer
Weird Soufflé, yeah the noise makes me stronger
I have gotten stronger, tongue like a shotgun
If you let the track loose, you can watch me pop one
Sick boy bitch and it's back to the future
Cause I'm McFly and it's not what I'm used to
Cause they used to call me other name of a rooster
Sky is the limit, like a jet pack booster
Fuckin' with a nigga like he fuckin' with a time bomb
Can't see a nigga motherfucker turn your eyes on
I am so different y'all don't even know the half of
I do not talk, motherfucker I'm a Rapper!

It's royalty

Hey world, this is lollipop
Raps for the sweet tooth
The real fiends who want that GhostFace and Sheek Louch
Big chain changlin' charms, they be danglin'
Eighty thou worth of the ice, I'll strangle 'em
My raw fish scale, paid the jeweler named Ishmael
Had to eagle fly back to my wrist
Bigger chips, bigger wings, bigger rings
I'm with the Childish Gambino
On that Eastwood shit, pushin' a Gran Turino
Tarantino don't got reservoir dogs like mine
Thirty six different niggas with the same state of mind
Dirty Ghetto Kids lovin' them haters
We got skaters that'll ox your whole face off
Rob you like Madoff
Drug kingpins on the diet, we get that weight off
Real hood niggas snatch a bitch and clean your plate off
Gambino rap, cash money crack, table casino
Precision cut emeralds, sapphire visuals

In his "Urn" video the aliens seem to communicate with each other through interpretive dance

-The Alien Theroist

New shit alert! New clothes
Got a new whip, homie I got two of those
Got some green, homie we got UFO's
We the new chick, Royalty man, you ain't know?
Somebody tell 'em we ain't never going nowhere
Mr. CEO, I give a fuck about a co-chair
He fly, no fair, tell 'em how we did it, though
Droppin' with the hottest shit, no time to do the video
ATL is my city, though, East Side bitch
Getting Cortez at Stonecrest, I'm East Side rich
But my old girl Laconia, my house California
You ain't heard the news? D-Money back on ya
Niggas wanna network, cause I'm the only rapper with his face on a network
Fuckin' check my net worth tell 'em what the check's worth
Go and let 'em know
Touch down and I leave your city tore up
Then I'm coming home to my girls on the tour bus
But then I'm gone again, more shows, more bucks
Ten times your cut, bein' broke sure sucks
Opportunity, I've never seen a door shut
Get it for my fam so my daddy ain't a Warbuck
Summer coming so I hit 'em with the warm up
Ballin' in my sweat suit, I'm tryin' to get my form up
I ain't think we was ballin' 'til private jets to New Orleans
My girlfriend on and on 'em, caught 'em fallin' like Autumn
God damnit, yeah get up on it yeah man the truth hurts
Think fast, shoot first, beast like blue fur
All we do is do this, yeah

Ay, ay
Childish Gambino
Here we go, Harry Fraud
Yo we got a shout out for him

Jesus, he's still around? That makes two of us
Rappers who fuckin' hate me still wanna stop my tour bus
Rappers who call me gimmick still post me and troll the comments
20 shots of that honesty, I'm tryin' to control the vomit
Ugh, nauseum, eat a dick, all of 'em
'Bino does it feel good? Is East Side still hood?
Haters never mutual, boy that's for your man's sake
I don't see it like a Pusha-T and Wayne handshake
Pop or flop mobsters, we ain't do neither
Why these dudes want a mixtape, Shaq Diesel?
The truth is what you make it and lately, it's hard to find
Will they remember "Heartbeat" like it was "Party All the Time"?
I know, I know, I know, it's that run it back
I just rocked 10K, where my hundred at?
My homie reppin' K.Flay at the Summer Jam
And they show me love somethin' serious
And I was just a kid, man, I ain't think they hearin' us
And Mase shook my hand and I'm shook
Cause my man still with Biggie and Gambino just a fan
I'mma tell you something true
If you ain't got a bunch of haters, man, then you ain't doing you
And this fake fuckin' rappers wanna fire shots for no reason
I could've helped you, but fuck it, I'm callin' open season
This ain't subliminal, I'm comin' right at you
But no one knows who you are, so I'm rapping at fuckin' statues
You gassed cause you got a meetin'? Crew is a never heard of you
Your drive is a learner's permit, your beef is a veggie burger
Verbal murder? Nah, we just tell what the truth homie
I'm with my girl in Spain, what are you doing?
Fuck it boy, we don't get enough joy
Watchin' everyone I know makin' major bok choy
Royalty, only two of us are fuckin' rappers
Another runs Wordpress, another does Apple
Another's DT and drinkin', talkin', on that cheddar
You wonder who we are, that means you already met us
I'm everywhere nigga, I don't need the fuckin' throne
I don't need Illuminati, I could fucking start my own

Cause I'm Childish, Childish, Childish
Westwood, Westwood, so its all good
Yo Childish Gambino, East Side let 'em know

“childish gambino is a white rapper”

­i wanna be a white rapper

­i wanna be so white im the biggest rapper of all time

­i wanna be so white i can have a number one song with cursing and parents are fine with it

­i wanna be so white and so big i get eat dinner with the koch brothers

­i hope I'm so big and white i can go to clippers games and it not be a statement

­i hope I'm so white they let my friend out of jail sooner

­i hope I'm so big and white my cousin wasn’t shot and stabbed twice in the neck twice last month

­i wanna be so big.  so white

­i wanna be so big and and so white that white dads feel comfortable sending their daughters, who are home for the summer from Stanford, to my show

­then she goes home and her dad says “how was the show?” and she says “it was fun. they had lasers.”

­i hope i become so big and and so white that G-Eazy  will say “damn, this nigga is white” and everyone will agree and nod

­i want to be so big and white that people are scared.  “what if this spreads?

­what if everyone starts to get big and white?  what if this works for everyone and everyone can experience this whiteness and this bigness?”

­i hope i become too big and too white

­but i am just a black male

­i am a nigga

­twitter activism is wack

­marches don’t work anymore

­police should be forced to wear recording devices

Let me see you fucking bounce with it
Kay, ay, ay
Woo!
Here we go

Nigga I'm tight like BVD
Nigga I'm sick like CDC
All my shit be classic, yours gets skipped like DVDs
This beat be droppin' acid, do we have to tell 'em so?
Keysha got me percocets I'm chillin' and it's hella dope
Tell 'em ho, I ain't Tebow, I don't pray for change
All I do is do it, I'm Nike, I'm drinking Gatorade
I got my hoodie so I gotta be a gangster
Why Geraldo Rivera look like a child molester?
Heh, we the ill pandemic
Sick boy, nigga, yeah we royalty forever
All my G-O-O-Ns are well-spoken
One white guy, he's a classic token
Asses open, droppin' shit
Flashback, that's a hashtag
Man fuck down like a mersey
Smell these niggas like an armpit
I be in like David on my avid baby making hits
They be making white girls like 'Ye did Taylor Swift
Ain't that some shit, really though, Sealy Posturepedic ho
When she in my bed but she ain't haven't even seen a video?
Now shoot that, who's that?
Roll up on niggas like fruit snacks
You better walk big Gambino but you ain't got money
Motherfucker that's too bad
That's like - countin' fat stacks out in Harlem
That's like - fucking Kat Stacks with no condom
Stupid, everybody out here needs to cool it
Rap stepfather, no more hanging in the pool shit
Niggas that I'm cool with, they don't need to show me
That Gambino girls are royalty now nigga that's an army!
We like

We flexin', we flexin'
We flexin', baby run it back!

Street monsters, where the fuck is Gordon?
Maria I want to be puttin' that thing on your daughter
Gambino brings the sushi, they doin' John Belushi
So stupid but they cutie so sue me if I get booty
That's Louis, Gucci or Prada, Bugatti bitches who holla
Wanna take Foxy out but I gotta be gettin' Donnas, like
"I'm an artist man." No y'all ain't!
Man fuck Photoshop, I'm in MS Paint!
Making circles with that circle thing, Gambino boy you murdering
Now I got this afro those cornrows were fuckin' hurting me
When you taking these girls up to Malibu
When the hot girl coming to a bug-a-boo?
I like my face when I'm under you
Screen Actors Guild with a "W," swag

I heard in Miami they're making it nasty
Send me a pic, Gambino Aveeno that ashy to classy
When you were the shit it was loose in this bitch
Drinks, drugs, chicks and Uggs
Weirdos sipping Cuervo or that Indica
Grown man singing "Where is the Love"
Who the fuck no grown man?
Young boys who make no sense
Young girls with that old chest
Now I'm like oh yes, oh yes
Reflex
We just go squirrel shit
That's nuts, ask us
Do we give fuck?

Body so tight

And like that
I had one taste and I'm right back
She squeezed into that tight dress
But she squeeze out for that night cap
Got a few girls and they white-black
Red-yellow, few brown
So I beat it up like Knockout
And she ain't last for like 2 rounds
It's the new sound
For strippers and students to get down
Just hits now
Fly ladies get loose with it
All the bourgie bitches just sit down
These mixed girls with two-tones
With the nice bodies, they too toned
Came here with like five girls
That'll circle-twerk with no shoes on
Damn baby, you don't need a holiday
She got a body language you know what that body say
Tattoos on her body like that body paint

Yeah we flex, star status
Do the whole world with no regrets
Just G jets
Concepts, this type of shit you ain't seen yet
Did a whole tour for like six months
So the game mine, no reset
Fast money, my reflex
These fly beats, that's Reflex
Killin' the shit for like, how long?
Y'all give me my respect?
Got skills man, I'm sayin'
These young chicks, I raise em
She fine now but in three years
I bet the whole style'll be amazing
Like
Give her three years I bet that body right
Coppin' clothes better now she know her body type
Her ex-man, trippin' wishin' that he got it right

Whoa!
What'd you get, amnesia?
I bet you wouldn't sleep on me if I was Lil' Weezy, huh?
Bet you wouldn't sleep on me if I was in a band or something
And my bank balance were around a grand or something
Do you think I'm common like sense is?
That heaven didn't send this
Uniquely perfect dude so just discard me like a toy, then
But you know, I know, I'd make a damn good boyfriend
Oil can, oil can
You think I'm the Tin Man
You took my little heart and you kicked it like a tin can
Ain't you heard I got the kind of shine can make your skin tan?
In the lean time don't come crying for the thin man
In the meantime I'll be building my portfolio
All these other dudes eradicated like polio
With any luck you'll see me everywhere like Starbucks
I bet you'll wanna fuck me when it's time to star fuck

I didn't have green like an Arizona front lawn
Now they try to touch my face like an iPhone
Now I'm all gassed up like Exxon
Girls see the money like I fucking got checks on
I don't even know if this girl really likes me
Picking up the check like I'm working at Nike
Talking to this girl and I'm thinking that she's into me
Then I find out she's trying to break in the industry
That's really lame
I still hit it
But I refuse to be home girl's meal ticket
I'm looking for a sick girl to be a part of me
Not a girl who will try to McCartney me
Yes, homie I'm a man of my word
Got this shit in the can like a toilet of turd
And, yes, these gold diggers trying to get at my sperm
Well, I'm not a 49ers fan, in case you haven't heard
I know my girl out there somewhere
And if you hear this, you should come here
Unless you don't give head like a weird beer
Elroy, Bam-B, yeah, I'm outta here

I am the shit
I hold heat like cigarettes
No one else is doing this
Work this hard you get respect
I don't sleep, I dream awake
Swear this life's like make or break
I don't make I fix mistakes
Your life good, my life is great
This game is a bitch and I'm different, dude
I'm tryin' to fuck this bitch, she ain't in the mood
Seduce her quick
Everyone talkin' bout game needs change ain't changin' shit
Talk don't make it happen
Too tight need muscle relaxer
I'm what's next, just ask 'em

All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah

I wanna do this right
Leave my heart on stage when I hold a mic
And the game OT, no end in sight
So I write in my sleep, I don't say good night
This must be how the angels felt
I hope that I don't Corey Haim myself
I know that I drink an insane amount
Cuz it helps with the joy and the pain of wealth
These guys don't seem like the friends I need
And they hang backstage drinking beers for free
My mom and my dad in the balcony
The one time that I hope they look down on me
Cuz they proud of me
They call me a role model
Even though my hand's glued to that gin bottle
I keep my career going full throttle
Even though the pain will follow

This that, fire!

It's your man Bambino, Sick Boi thriller
King of fly rappers, there ain't none iller
I'm into fly sneakers, colors like Gullies
It's the Sick Boi anthem, girls take your coats off
Get the champagne, pop the cork like Sosa
Make some mimosas, get like me
Spanish girls holla say, "Aye papi"
Ooh la la, on the French Riviera
These other boys sandals, straight club benders
We some go-getters, you should know better
Your girl think 'bout me while she drivin' a Jetta
Used to blast Kelly Clarkson, now she a sick girl
Hot pink shirt and them lime green sneakers
Take a quick picture, put me on blast
Call the fireman, he need to come fast
I'm on fire

They call me Sick Boi cause they know I'm so sick
Purple on my starter cap, yellow on my kicks
Haters talkin' shit, they think they so slick
I'm a younger Denzel, say it ain't so
I'm all puffed up like I'm made of afros
But my neck ain't froze, where's the boy's jewelery?
Don't need it nigga, clothes bright, shine beautifully
Used to sport Airs then I had to get Grind
Now I look great, now I'm top of the line
Used to go hungry when I'd buy them new shoes
Now I'm like "Mm..food" like MF Doom
Busy makin' moves like my name was Tetris
Money in the bank, you can check my mattress
Bright like Mantis and I ain't selfish
I got the game shook like a young black Elvis
Fire

See I be riding through my old hood, same old attitude
Chillin with your girlfriend, why she always mad at you
She be like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
Only time that she quiet, when my thing is inside her
Don't you know I'm a writer
Yeah, I sleep in her stomach
And I slip her a 50, just to keep her 100
Yeah, my swaggers so dummy
We so stupid, so silly
I watch them girls getting lower than the kick in "A Milli"
Gambino, why you got a gold chain?
Cause girls only gonna see you when you stuntin, man
I'm coming back, swag on Rogaine
Girl lemme see you 2 Chainz old name
So hood, what y'all talking bout
Man, I'm watching Law and Order on my grandma's couch
Eating Lucky Charms for dinner, loser to a winner
Swag so Clippers, me and Blake Griffin
Me and Blake Griffin, why your goals dripping
You ever seen ballas like us po' pimping?
Ha, we getting drunk like a Kennedy
Ha, we stay fly like the end of Grease
Yeah, I got Os like CP3
Don't worry, don't you worry, don't you worry 'bout me
I'm only worried when that period's on CPT
When that period's on CPT

Oh, I wish I had a boyfriend
I wish I had a loving man in my life
I wish I had a father
Maybe then I would’ve turned out right
But now I’m just crazy, and totally mad
Yeah I’m just crazy, fucked up in the head
And maybe if I really tried with all of my heart
Then I could make a brand new start in love with you
Oh, I wish I had a suntan
I wish I had a pizza and a bottle of wine
I wish I had a beach house
Then we could make a big fire every night
And if I really tried with all of my heart
Then I could make a brand new start in love with you, in love with you

Listen to my mouth, nigga I meant it
Don’t fuck with me unless you want your swag pregnant
A nigga bad grammar, I run on sentence
I am just a rapper, so I don’t need practice
I am just different, I eat/sleep genius
Forever I love Atlanta, I stunt these Filas
Swag celibate, I don’t fuck with these bitches
Smoke these niggas, turn ‘em all swishers
Can’t make up my mind I gotta fuck both sisters
And my flow is retarded, I spit autism
Got that shit to make ya bounce like Tigger
‘Cause I am more childish than “good job” stickers

Your girl’s in the room so I don’t have any jeans on
We are at war, so my wallet is the Green Zone
We can do this shit, any time, anywhere
And you know you aren’t me and I know it isn’t fair
Yeah, these niggas apple trees, they need to grow a pair
I balled in the store, but nigga, I got hair
And as soon I got here, the girls act different
But I don’t have to act, I’ve been different for a minute, mothafucker

Gambino keep it jumping
These niggas don't know nothing
I keep a girl shaky like her pussy lips is krumping
It's that dude that don't say shit
Leave the ad-libs at the door
Because I am just a rapper like the condoms on my floor
Nigga look at me
Man, yeah I'm all geeked out
Got the tortoise shell frames, Tom Ford pea coat
I'm a lot more dope, I'm a lot more fly
And my wallet stay fat, but I starve my tie
Yeah, these girls loose change
Gotta spend those dimes
Haven't seen real niggas in a long ass time
Nigga I'm so stange, so weird, unusual
Sipping on that whiskey, it's a brain cell funeral
I'll tell you why I'm different, I do this like a nun
Cause I don't give a fuck, I do this shit for fun
A nigga All That like I'm hanging out with Kel
Yes, I hit her g-spot, so I ring her Taco Bell
I got a lot of swagger, lets me get away with all of it
Like I ate a turd, real shit is all I nigga spit
I don't play around with these women, I might fuck a bitch
The game's a corporation and your nigga's Erin Brockovich
I'm murdering this beat as if nobody was watching me
Rapping over Grizzly Bear and now these hipsters sponsor me
My mouth is this good, just imagine what my dick can do
Force Feed Radio, bitch that's what you're listening to

My girl wears Pampers, I fuck the shit out of her
'Bout to blow up, yeah my swag is the Challenger
These Scrubs are reclusive, J.D, Salinger
March on these niggas like they fucking with the calendar
If I wasn't this good, how the fuck did I get this far?
Gambino stay fly. So up, I'm Pixar
Hold up dude, I think you made a mistake
Don't forget to mention me with Wale, Cudi and Drake bitch

Motherfuck a nigga
Hell yeah I do it bigger
I got eight figures like I’m skatin’ in the winter
Niggas thought that I was kiddin’
These raps are not my sketches
I’m a sick boy, nigga, when I cough I hope you catch it
My germs in your system, now you coughin’ like asthmatic
All of my, I’m tired of it turns into your, wish I had it
I don’t need this money, but I spend it like I wanna
She said this dick is hers, I don’t wanna take it from her

Your dick stay chilly, it’s a cold, rough world
I get superhero pussy, she a PowerPuff Girl
Shit just got real like Pinocchio turds
Yo nigga is Geppetto, I don’t want no instrumentals
Leave the vocals on my shit
Like the song givin’ me head
And your bitch can’t sleep ‘cause she used to my bed
She could have any dick, you just mad she chose-d mine
Schoolin’ all you niggas and my mouth will make it Columbine
I am just a rapper, man, I ain’t got no clothing line
My clothing line has closed the line and let me shop at closing time
Yo boy got stacks like I’m standin’ in a Borders line
Hidin’ from you bitches ‘cause real nigga’s hard to find
Work this shit like overtime
Yeah, my clothes are so designed
Closet look like Bloomingdales, yo closet look like fashion jail
I break you out, I post for bail
This money make me Olsens, you call your bitch, you hearin’ this
Uh uh uh
Yes it’s necessary to be flier than canaries
Stay fresh to death like a mint cemetery
I do not talk, yeah my life a library
Eat her out and leave her cold, make that hole my Ben & Jerry’s
Broke the mold on you bitches, man, I am so unique
You are not a rapper, if you were you’d hardly speak
I am Stone Mountain and I haven’t reached my peak
Fuck her like I’m mad at her then I turn the other cheek

This shit is amazin', check me in my sweater, man
Comme des Garçons, bitch, nobody do it better, man
But I do it better, man
When it comes to pussy girls whisper in my ear
No one else can do this to me
You’s a cutie but you gotta know I’m married to my work
And these niggas ain’t shit so I guess they must be urine
Gotta gift this bitch, like Christmas, bitch
I’ma rap and act, Will Smith this bitch
When rappers start rappin’ over indie shit
Just remember I was first to hit this shit
The difference is I’m different, bitch
How the fuck can these niggas be dick-less pricks
Man, what the fuck you gon’ do
I don’t need to talk to you
I am just a rapper too

Is it my turn, to wish you were lying here?
I tend to dream you when I'm not sleeping
Is it my turn to fictionalize my world?
Even imagine your emotions, tell myself anything

Is it my turn, to hold you by your hands?
Tell you I love you and I hear you
Is it my turn to totally understand?
To watch you walk out of my life and not do a damn thing

If I have to give away the feeling that I feel
If I have to sacrifice, whatever baby, whatever baby
If I have to take apart all that I am
Is there anything that I would not do
‘Cause inside i’d die without you
Oh Oh baby I’d die without you
Die without you

Oh, I apologize for all the things I’ve done
But now I’m underwater and I’m drowning
Is it my turn to be the one to cry
Isn’t it amazing how some things completely turn around
So take every little piece of my heart
Piece of my heart
Take every little piece of my soul
Piece of it
Take every little piece of my mind
Inside

I’d die without you
Yeah baby

If I have to give away
The feeling that I feel
Yeah If I have to sacrifice
Oh, whatever baby, whatever baby
If I have to take apart
All that I am
‘Cause inside

Cause inside
Oh no

I do not talk

Childish Gambino, hot as a flaming cheeto
I'm tighter than baby speedos
I'm shifting another kilo
And that's because my shits dope
Walking past the red rope
The bouncer is my kin folk
So I don't need credentials

Sick boy is my clique
I got that shit inside a headlock
Love to make that bam bam
We were born to make the bed rock

I am so hip hop
More so than you guys
I am legend
You guys are true lies

Tipsy like some Jenga
Shout out to my topangas
Them thicky thick girls stay wrapped around my finga
Nerdy girls from every where
They scope me out like there he is
My whole crew's sick
I'm hanging out with Jerry's Kids

Hold up mother fucker
It's gambini on the microphone
Screaming like your father when he comes home and the light are on
Girls addicted to my dick
My wallet is their methadone
Brain dead niggas love beef
They are vegetables

I am on that fly shit
Fuck that, I'm orbiting
My face is everywhere
Fuck that, I'm Norbiting

I can feel your heat, momma
I can hear your feet, momma

Baby I'm living the dream
With you by my side we work as a team
I know I'm a mac, it's not what it seems
I'm covered in pink, from swimming in green
When I'm eating you like Idi Amin
Mama the stars could not intervene
You are a star, I'm keeping it clean
You are the prettiest girl I have seen
What does that mean? It means you're the one
And most of these dudes are just fucking for fun
Girl you know that I would never do that to you
All of the girls that I do must be beautiful
Inside and out, meaning your mouth
Girl I'm just playin', this is what I'm sayin'
If you like real, then give me a go
If you never try, then you'll never know

Ooh it's alright, ooh it's okay
Let them all know that I got this way
Cause I miss you girl
I wanna be with you, yeah
And if the sun don't come out
Ooh it's okay
Never, ever, ever let me go
Do you love me? Girl I need to know
Cause you're my sunshine girl
Cause you're my sunshine, sunshine, oh
Baby girl, you're always on my mind
Baby girl, it's time to make you mine

Look, I'm the man to know
I'm the one to give you more
Ma, you got that stupid flow
I talk about moms like Margaret Cho
And I'mma go, minus the "o"
So I'm a g, sportin' a V-
Neck and a check, on my shoes
Cause I got nothin' to lose, uh
I'm in it to win it
Money so long I get business from Guinness
Diving in green, I'm swimming in spinach
And I'm in the race, who cares about finish?
I’m going vintage, and I’m an advantage
I’m what you need girl, you need an advantage
And nothing is heinous so I can work for ya
Couldn't stand out, girl

Y'all know the name
No action, all flame
It's D to the C, no practice, all game
And not the game that your computer came installed with
So ditch the lame Twit you are currently involved with
The Derrick Boys a bunch of crazy brothers like the Baldwins
Echo motherfucker, you are just another dolphin
Hello motherfucker, like I walked in on incest
Do it motherfucker, talking does not impress
Us, man, us
It's all about us
Like them self absorbed teen girls talking on the bus
We trust you to pay when we ask you to pay
Til then, Chili Peppers, we give it away
I don't fuck the fans, I am not the industry
Man, I hate it when the man comes between you and me
I don't masturbate, I give a handjob to a star and
Picture you bumping out this anthem in your car
Still showing up for our dorks, geeks, losers
Rode out from New York on six beach cruisers
And if we could we'd ride with every kid right on the handlebars
We are just some rappers like some fat kid ate the candy bars

Yes I'm back with a whole new attitude
Flier than a Cardinal, check my fuckin' latitude
Yes I'm so sick man, somebody call the doctor
Girls stay wet like I'm fucking with a lobster
I stopped talking I'm tired of paying em lip service
Switched over them street niggas to hipsters
I am so different, Donald Glover in the bitch
I don't need to use my rapper name, that's just Childish
And they used to call me Oreo, dunk me in that milk
Maybe then I will be white enough to hang out with them kids
They have to call you names when they don't know what you are
Now they know just what I are, baby girl I am a star
APC kicks, looking like a British boy
More money means more problems, I have been annoyed
Dude mad bout the girl that I came with
I'm fly, she fly, you are just penguin
I am just a rapper so I don't speak English
I just go hard like the traffic light changes
Sick boy, bitch, we the clique like seat belts
Yes I'm on fire I don't have to ask how heat felt
When I was 14, man nobody else was thinking this
A nigga off the chain, man I Abraham Lincoln'd this

Motherfucker, I'm different
Yeah, I am just different

I am so different, being me is like the lottery
I am so on like the TV when you fall asleep
Niggas makin pottery, but I broke the mold
Now my shit has got them dancing like I channel Oakenfold
Yes, I got a lust for life, and I drink my weight in whiskey
And these hoes are actin' different cause I'm Rich comma Richie
These friends are iffy, they're alcoholic geniuses
I think they hang around until I'm drunk and buy them Guinnesses
I gotta drink my medicine to cover what's inside of me
I'm still fucked up from the days nobody liked me
I'm lying just a little when I say that I don't give a fuck
You know I gotta give a fuck
My face is broken out
My shirt is hand-me-down
This kid named Vincent wanna take my shit and lay me out
I'm trying to fit in like a fat bitch in her shoe size
It's funny how I'm flyer now than witches on their broom rides
I always thought these new clothes were the potion
Cause I never felt that good in my own skin
It's probably cause I'm the only black kid in my school
And when I meet another black kid they tell me I'm a fool
Cause I wear these tight clothes, tight jeans, tight shirt
Yeah I stay tight like these girls that make my dick hurt
Yeah, I'm self conscious
Go ahead - laugh it up
Cause I dig deep and pull something out to back it up
They told my ass to blacken up
What the fuck are you?
You don't even say shit
Quit writing gay shit
Now they see me and have to squint like asians
Cause I'm on fire and everything I touch blazes
Giving you the realness
Kid I got a lot of it
Listen to my mixtapes, tell me if they contradict
Don't fuck with these niggas cause this swag is abstinent
I don't have time to sleep
I don't have time to eat
These niggas got time to do
Everything but be unique
I gotta do me like I'm jerkin' in the mirror
Can't make it clearer
Yes I'm in the building
No I own the company
Your girlfriend's sister--you cannot fuck with me
We are all children
I am just a murderer
We have just killed them

What if you were a Jehovah’s witness

You mean like a spy investigating?
Making it seem like I’m celebrating?
When actually I’m infiltrating
Santa’s operation?

Yoip!

Going deep covert, past enemy lines
Rocking warm sweaters, hanging big ass lights
If the fat man can see me, yo it's gotta look bright
I'd watch all the T.V. specials that I never could
I'll even cry during the sad ones, like James Bond would
And when the big night comes it's time to set the bait
Cold milk, Hot cookies, decorative plate!
And he'll come down the chimney it'll just be him and me
But he won't know we're enemies cause I play sincere
Bring a trap like that, hug him tight get on his lap and tell him
He can come back every year
And act just like I love it 'till the day I die

On the spectrum, none of your business
Just wanna do right, by my friends

Hey guys
Rapping?

Girl I make you come fast, I mean come right over
Yes a nigga so street, call a nigga Grover
Hit it like I'm supposed to, love it when you're smiling
Except when you're not smiling giving my dick oral hygene
Girlfriend you know me, I'm all about my benjamins
But you stay sweet like an ever-lasting entenmann
Girfriend center them geniuses, that's me
Talking bout in and out with a girl named Ashley
Jessica, Tamika, Alison, Stacy
Why does every girl in the world wanna date me?
Specially right now man, specially when I'm busy
Tell me that they love me, then they try to kiss me
Baby don't you see me? Knee-deep in that dope game
Meaning that I'm dope mane, hotter than that propane
Hotter than that propane, yes I said it twice dude
Always on the move I love the Journey like a white dude
Yes I know I'm quite rude, arrogant as Alva
But I have the decency to back all of my words up
So let's not pretend like every girl don't wanna be ya
You can be my Ms. Obama minus Sasha and Maliya ugh!

You make me feel, feel so shiny and new
Like I'll never be blue again
And the magic moment feels so right
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you oooh!

Why you always mad at me, I was gon come right back
Fucking with them fly girls, that was only chit chat
It's part of my job, yes I'm young and charming
And I smell like money so these girls are all up on me
Let's have bygones be bygones, they don't know what they're doing like a cylon
Trying to get my python, you can check my iPhone
Rolodex Gchat
When you come over all I ask is "Where my V at?"
Like I work at ABC, look at me rambling
You can be a pimp, these girls making money but they'll never make sense
Half of yall crazy, the other half trying to get their paper having babies
Naw I ain't down with that "Hooohh!" like a thundercat
Try to poke holes in the base where I keep soldiers at
Sneaky like a Cheshire cat, sneaky like a baby sneaker
One of these girls got my number I ain't trying to meet her
Yes you are fine Anita, but I ain't trying to be the
Father of five you need to find a new guy or either
Step it up 2, but you are not Cassie
Cause you have full head, I mean you're smart nasty

This Friday
It's Childish Gambino
At The Atrium
It's going down

He's back home
And he's ready
To stunt
Everybody

And all of ROYALTY
Plus he's bringing special guests
Every Atlanta athlete
Ever

Homies over hoes, homies over hoes)

Also
We've got that girl from season 2
Of The Bad Girls Club

Oh yeah!)

You can't miss it
Take it from Childish Gambino
Himself

Aye, what's up, this is Childish Gambino
I'll be at The Atrium
Off of Memorial Drive
Um...yeah

What the fuck does that mean?

What the fuck is he talking about?

This Friday at the Atrium
Everybody's babies mama gets in f-f-f-f-free
If you went to Stephenson High School
At any point
You get in free!
If you are on the Atlanta Twerk Team
Or if you know someone on the Atlanta Twerk Team
Or-or
Or if you can bring the Atlanta Twerk Team
You get in absolutely free!

Get there
This Friday night
And everyone please
Have a blessed Martin Luther King day

Hear the screams from everywhere
I'm addicted to the thrill
It's a dangerous love affair

Yea, the flow so absurd
It's C.G. boy, king of the black nerds
I gotta get my Urkel on
I won't stop until I see an afro at Comic-Con
And not just Samurai
I was an outcast, nickname Aquemini
The wait's over, like two pounds over scale
I'm doing big things like I'm eating out a whale
These niggas do the same shit because they scared to fail
I'm in a hot pink hoodie, I ain't ever scared
These niggas frontin', sayin' like "he gay and shit"
And then they wonder why nobody wanna play they shit

Life's a game but it's not fair
I break the rules so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thing
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don't give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gonna run this town tonight
Heeeey-hey-hey-hey-hey-heyyy
Hey-heyyy-hey-hey-heyy
Hey-hey-hey-heyyy

We are, yea I said it we are
Nigga I'm a soldier, trooper like I'm VR
Where's my fuckin' key card
It was right behind me
Fuck it, home girl you can blow me in the lobby
My girl loves brains, so she is my zombie
Na home boy, I don't practice, this my hobby
They all say make a demo tape so they can sign me
Cause yo boy stay mo hot than Gandhi
I don't do this for the limelight
I do this for kids who get picked on for talkin' white
I do this for kids who rock out to The White Stripes

It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow
To get here, it takes guts like the aggro
Crag
They used to call me fag
Cause I ain't wanna be on the corner holdin' the bag
"Well fuck them niggas, they only holdin' you back"
Said a little voice inside of me wearin' a yellow cap
Or maybe it was bright pink, I can't remember
Alls I know I wrote my first verse that December
Now I'm so sick boy, yea I'm straight loungin'
Niggas used to say "who?" like I'm Pete Townshend
Yea, it's hard to stay grounded
When you're Andre and MST 3000
All rolled into one nigga
I 69 a 49er boy, gold diggers
I grind all day to stay alive
So I guess I'm a Mac with a hard drive
If you think you hype now, see the boy live
Bright colors in the streets like I'm gay pride
Yea my hoodie look like it drank five alive
And these dudes play my shit like I'm Goldeneye
If you could see the best, go be it
And if I die young nigga so be it
Like I told you on the other track
If there's a dude tight as me, I ain't seen him yet

We gon' run this town tonight

Mapquest where the place is
Gats in they faces
Then we fold them up and put them back in they cases
Assassins replace expressions on faces
And hard eyes on gangsters with hot gaping spaces
Hands full of aces, pockets on swole
Glassy-eyed aiming from my own grassy knoll
Leave JFK’s head just a big smoky hole
To console Jackie O she could smoke my pole
It’s called Camelot ‘cause she came a lot
And a lot of you rappers sound the same a lot
And the game is still out there if you play or not
And I’m the King of Queens, Kevin James is not
I quit my temp job ‘cause I can’t let a day go
Tomorrow’s moguls are delivering your bagels
I hope your trophy wife been practicing her kegels
Cause when we take the game we won’t leave you any Legos
There go the kid with his dirty white sneakers on
Dreaming on a way to get his penthouse on Bleecker on
Give your girl head, call you with the speaker on
Horse head in your bed, now you know who you sleeping on
Are you seeing what I’m seeing?
This booth is a crime scene
Chalk off the mic, the kill screen is my screen
No need to terrify or pop shots at witnesses
They only testified they know what hot shit this is

True assassins
Hold your glass up
Them's the type of niggas that’ll cut yo ass up
Whether it be tracks or verses
Chains or purses
Them the type of niggas that’ll make you stop

Classic assassin
Straight from Central Castin’
I bust through your abode with both barrels blastin’
I crush up your skull like a truck that you crashed in
I’m never gonna die like I’m Tuck Everlasting
Never thought that I’d carry an AK
All I ever wanted to be is Farley, Ferrell, or Fey
And maybe some day that dream will come true
In your house on your couch while you’re readin’
I got no flow, it’s more like breakthrough bleedin’
But I’m into cartoons and I’m really not sane
I’m more Manson than a small-time crook
When it comes to taking lives I steal like Dane Cook
Bitch, take a look, you know it’s in a book
Even LeVar Burton’s Roots get shook

Ah, ah, you can call me assassin, I kill Versace
I walk too much, gotta Gucci watch me
The illest of the killers you can tell by my fashion
Light hoodie to bright sneaks it’s all matchin'
I kill rappers, I don’t need no stealin’
If I do lose a battle I’mma kill ‘em for real
I’m just kidding, or am I?
Things get real in the City of L.I
That’s right, I live in Queens
The borough of the lost
I hate the fuckin’ yuppies but I love how much it costs
Call me in the winter and the spring to play tennis
And they give me strange looks ‘cause I floss like a dentist
I’mma finish this sentence then get me a rope
So I got a little dough and I’m fresh like Scope
A nigga so dope, I got the new Pumas
I never take 'em out so I call ‘em homeschoolers
Numbers like rulers, I’m tired of it all
I sleep in the club and I yawn when I ball
I’m off the hook like phone calls
Where’s kidrobot?
I need a new hoodie hot pink like doughnuts
The kids is Go-Gurts when they see my Gobstoppers
I’m not Mekhi Phifer, but I got Clockers
Transform a watch when I don’t got diamonds
Boy, did you hear what I said like Simon?
I kill boutiques
Just snatch the new sneak
I’mma do it every week
I’m a serial killer
Beats like Dilla
Hun like ‘tilla

So Profound

Young nigga in an old whip
Whole clique is in zone six, oh shit
Hold on a second

Old money flow yeah I did mine bigger
Ape shit flow so King Kong nigga
You got big money, man? how long nigga?
Can't talk right now, I'm in Hong Kong nigga
My Polo rounds, fuck her for only a photo now
Skin is so cinnamon, Cocoa Brown
Wanna be me but they don't know how
So profound
Who cares what they be on, I'm in the sun with aviators
I'm my favorite song, I came to ball
And aim at y'all, you know the semi-automatic with no safety on
Bow down, ladies want a shout-out
Take her, flip her over, lower back I leave that blah-dow
Ass backwards, Kriss Kross
T-Rex, Chris Bosh
Nigga we eating so Rick Ross
Brown rice, fish sauce
Fly as a kite, man I must be
Claiming to be where them thugs be
My niggas is making it dusty

Them white folks at the front of the crowd
Yeah, They're my niggas
In the time that I’m around
Nigga you can ?
Bought 100 pairs of J's with last years taxes

Childish Gambino you will get in with a wristband he know
People took an hour just to stand outside in line
I knew that you would do it, and I reckon you lookin' fine
These bitches better be mine, I'm horny all the time
Gambino be the one who put a hump up in your spine
Drink a little wine, do a little dance
Now im goin' home, now im in your pants
Forget that, I ain't take the condom off
New swag ever since im bustin' off
I get head like a bottle of Tylenol
You like girls when you know you can buy them all
A fireball, I'm hot as fuck, I bust a nut with tons of sluts
Go ahead shake your thing baby, look hot
Why the girls doin' me? Ho why not?
I mean why not?

Tell her, some bullshit on my whip im 'bout to take it back
When I switch it up I pull up in the newest jag
Any time we in I hit the strip and do it bad
Y'all nigga's hatin' us I know we make 'em mad
It make 'em mad
When we put on the swag
It make 'em mad when we put on the swag

Ay, Childish let me get em'
They ain't in our league, so they can't hang with em'
Strip club, and the squad came with em'
Two girls coming home like they fresh outta prison
Say words if you get it
We only give a damn if a check came with it
Two blunts and that old dude who lives it
I got bitches in the pen who I don't even visit
You came in the carpet
You get a lot of pussy when they make you a star
A girl in LA and I don't know her name
But she get pissed off when she talking insane
Paper man people guns with the thang'
I was a little broke but it started to change
Drop a couple songs, and that's all of the bang
Cause I ridin' on the track like I'm part of a train
My girl southside when I hit the booth
I drink roc' roc' straight fuck the juice
A big bro throw bread like fuck the loot
I'm back bitch, I'm back Prince
I'm back shit, my home boy pissed off
I put my hands on that ass, cause that shit soft
Two guns it'll burn off
When you stunt like Stevie, it'll turn off

Nigga, I'm the capper
Rapper slash not actor
Cause I could never act the part of being fakey
You should really thank me
Who else would do this shit?
All that fucking wishing and waiting
These niggas are mistaken
You don't speak my language
Dressed like I'm Cambridge
Bowtie make me Muslim
Switch it for suspenders
Two at least
Clickin through on hypebeast
Thom Browne, Hells Bells, Kitsune, Jay L
I don't wear shit unless it got a logo
Now it's time to go and walk around SoHo
All high schools showing out, Pay less
Man fuck that, yo I earned this

I love clothes

Go to TOPMAN, that's the hot spot
Check Kanye's blog for the high tops
Check shake appeal lookbook right quick
Bape hooking up with Ambush, that’s sick
Sperry top-sider with a black trim
Pink leather jacket, gotta get him
New t-shirt and I put it all
On a charge card
Burning through my Goyard
And it's so dumb, but it's so tight
Ain't nothing like new shoes every night
And it feels so good in the new jeans
And the new shirt, it's addicting
I'm an addict, I don't want help
I'mma die in my brand new Louis belt
But not Louis, it's too gaudy
Check the lime green frames a girl bought me
Billionaire Boys Club, I'm living it
One shirt, eight dubs, I'm spending it
Got shoes that I know I won't wear
And the problem is I don't really care
Got money, but nothing is forever
Every time I'm out to buy a new sweater
By 211 I'll be dead broke
I'll be the homeless dude in a peacoat

Starlight
Where did you go?
I've been running around the world
Gotta let you know

I got the empire state now I'm working on the next part
Trying to build an empire, I'm wishing on the Death Star
I murdered the dish, I eloped with the spoon
Tri-coastal and the third coast is the moon
When it hits your eye like a get in your eye thing
And we do the I like you like like you like like thing
I can't promise I won't be dressed like a viking
When I do the whole picking you up on my bike thing
Another white rapper's CD in my spokes
I would swear ya'll converted to rap for the jokes
I spit black smoke, I'm the hip hop pope
They make anti-me PSA's cuz I'm dope
And when it's not clear you can cope, the worlds a negative iPod
You just hear 'nope'
Nights on the pavement, you just stop breathin'
On some Liz Lemon movin' back to Cleveland
Street lights people, up and down the boulevard
Don't stop believin in your journey, and I know it's hard
They call me Violet Beauregard, cuz I just blow up, no regard
All I really need is a bar to belly up to
A balcony, a star crossed lover to yell up to
So what are you up to? This weekend I'm free
Till then I'll just shine and let you find me

I shine like the sun
My mouth is a gun, pop off and they run, two things like a pun
This is not just for fun and I cut with my tongue
My mouth's a Swiss army, take over your country
I run like a humvee, I don't need gas-o-line
I run on these rappers so skip the stromboli
I make these niggas say 'Great' like Tony
So how the fuck you gonna say these bitches don't know me?
How the fuck you gonna say these bitches don't know me
When you all on the tip of my dick like Moby
The wait is over, no baking soda
I saw them dudes move bricks and boulders
I saw them dudes move flats and corners
And they moved that sugar like Russell Stover
I got that green like a four leaf clover
Get rich or die tryin' like my name two quarters
Dope boys they get me, we got the same hustle till the tank on empty
And if you dope boy, better watch the Wire
And get the shit straight, turn back, retire
Cuz one in a mil turn snow to fire
You either move weight, play ball or neither
Because I'm neither, the hood Macgyver
The boy blew up like he knew Al Quaeda
My life so sweet that my balls Godiva
The world in front and the hood behind us
The hood behind us

I’m cooler than an ice cube, yeah I’m rude
‘Bout to get your head sliced, yeah I’m nice
And you ‘bout to pay the price
Like The Price Is Right, but I’m not Bob Barker
Yes, I get down like I’m Charlie Parker
Meaning that I’m musically inclined
If you try to get with mine I’m about to blow yo head back
Now they lookin’ for your body like all over the town
Niggas, my name Gambini, I used to be clean
Now I’m dirty martini, ‘cause this boy met world like Feeny
These niggas make wishes like genie

Nigga you know how we do
Latinos, black people, and gringos
This money stained my fingers like Cheetos
Blast it out your speakers like credo
‘Cause I can barely hold it all in like Speedos
These niggas got a lot of nerve
These niggas got a lot of sneaks
And all these skinny bitches busy shop at Anthropologie
Who you tryin’ to be?
I’mma take my girls to BIM and treat ‘em like a VIP
I start the party like Chex Mix
Put it in your house like Netflix
Beef, nigga, it’s what’s for breakfast
Y’all niggas got beef with this kid
Y’all niggas’ punks and stay punks like the Misfits
I'm way off in the distance
Y’all done lost the race like McCain
But like McCain, you used to be cool but now you lame
It’s hard to maintain ain’t it?
My swag is so sick, you might catch it
I’m tired of fuckin’ ‘round with little kids like I’m Brad Pitt
These little kids need to play in traffic
‘Cause all they words make a nigga giggle like Mad Libs
I’m hot like an attic in the summer
And girls scream “Sick Boi” like we know each other
But we don’t know each other, you ain’t my fucking brother
We need to separate like organic peanut butter
My lightsaber flashing, my kneecaps ashy
And girls of the world used to walk right past me
Now I hang with girls like my girl Kate Perry
I might have to marry Kate like my name Ashley
These rappers don’t know what they up against
They can’t see a nigga like my names Snuffleupagus
If you don’t like my shit, why the fuck you bumpin’ this?
You better get it clean good ‘cause this the last straw
And break inside house and leave your gas on
Nigga, we NASA, ‘cause we ‘bout to blast off
Go in the bathroom, we see you peein’ like I’m Shasta McNasty
Get it? UPN? Shasta McNasty?
Nigga, I’m a master
And I’m fucking plastered
I don’t need a fucking beat for this, I can make my shit up
While I go here’s the part that I’m about to show ya

I’m the best ‘cause I gotta
The devil wears Prada
And he’s got a boom boom like Welcome Back, Kotter
Leave your guy like Madonna
Got cheese like frittata, green ensalada
Got ya, mama
Most rappers want the drama, but I don’t want the drama
I just want a quiet night down at Benihana
I rap ‘cause I gotta
Dude’s got nada
I make ‘em all proud like my middle name Obama

Talking bout in and out with a girl named ashely
Jessica, Tamika, alison, stacy
Yes I know I'm quite rude, arrogant as alva

Trying to get my python, you can check my iphone
Like I work at APC, look at me rambling

I wanna spend the rest of my life with you oooh!\

Ooohhh girl
Ooohhh girl...

Ooh, aah, oh yeah
Got to get on my grind
Fallin' out, ooh, down
Oh, fallin' down, oh yeah

I turn ‘em like Tina, I don’t tote ninas
But a nigga walked up and get served like subpoenas
And I ain’t broke neitha, I got a in-between
So when I say about a million what I mean is bitch fiend
I gotta keep grinding, my name Tony Hawk
‘Cause I grind with my boys sometimes at the park
A heavy-ass kid, easy on the cake
Until I got to New York and I started losin’ weight
And when I say “weight,” I do mean "weight”
Now I'm thin like the line between love and hate
Cause I used to go skate
Nigga I’m paid, this kid don’t play like a high-top fade
I don’t get laid, I’m back at the studio
The closest girls get is watchin’ old Derrick videos
Girls don’t get it, say I work too much
Pass boo the cell phone and say, "Girl, be in touch"
But we won’t be in touch, I know that for sure
You ain’t in love with me, you like my décor
Christian Dior, pastel and Jack
If it’s in hot pink then it’s on my back
I’m young and I’m black and the world is my oyster
Watchin’ Top Chef on my European sofa
These niggas so fake like an old toupee
So clear call this shit Blu-Ray

Take me to a hospital, call me Ebola
And a nigga flow sweet, so I spit Coca Cola
And my boys sold boulders, but I gotta do it my way
We grindin' the same, but we usin' different pathways
Gotta make ends meet, a means to an end
And I hate seein’ niggas usin’ “grind,” for pretend
Cause this ain’t pretend, and I ain’t pretendin’
We eatin’ out late like I hang with the gremlins
Call David Geffen, we about to switch places
The game is a hold, got a pocket full of aces
Boy, I’m a phenom, I can’t be stopped
Had my RA pager on my first day at 30 Rock
Headed for big things like I’m runnin’ Salma Hayek
Four Seasons plus no more work at the Hyatt
I’m fly and I’m high like a pilot
But you can’t see me like an eyelid, vibin’, uh

Mr. DNA, flow so Jurassic
Clumsy archeologist about to drop a classic
Damn right we got a t-rex, I paid for that in plastic
Mistake still burning but I'm learning like a raptor
Take what I'm given make it work like an adapter
Make short work of her, then I will adapt her
Critics all agree it was the work of a master
At last my success will match my fatigue
And at last I'll send my children to an ivy league
In the masks from The Strangers, freak the whole place out
Get your glasses on, girl, geek your whole face out
Don't open up your mouth unless to let something great out
And that's not a beef, that's just a peek at the steakhouse
A week at my maid's house to recharge my battery
Then I'll be right back on top like Slattery
You know from Sterling and Cooper
If she's paid out then I will recoup her
And if she's paid out then I will invest
And if she's really played out then I will impress
Upon her the need to please please me, whoa yeah
Girl I'm on my knees, Ooh, I need it so bad
It's like I work at NORAD
It's DEFCON-5
Go out back to my car and drive
Cause shit just got real
Take a thirty wreck drive into a field
Pass out in my vehicle
Hope I wake up in a world more agreeable
Hope I wake aboard unidentified flying objects
Or a reject Enterprise
A Starfleet drop out odyssey
A route to cop out galaxies
'Til then I'm in the light, right where the moths are
Impressive, depressive I'm a Goth Star

Nigga I'm on
Niggas try to off me
Like these girls like I like my coffee
In my lap Fuck this track
It goes off beat but I'm on like clap
And dog, you can have my scraps
I'm close to these girls like her tampon flaps
I'm having an effect on the hood like crack
Even though I'm so suburban like a backpack strap
Don't you get it? Read Ayn Rand
Then you'll understand why they call me the man
I'm just fucking special-er
Different from you other guys
Hating me in high school made me metamorphosize
Kafka-esque, The way I dress
I need to send Bo Diddley some checks
On Marc Jacobs, Commes Des Garcon tie
Diddy is my swagger coach, can't stop, won't stop
Heavy hitter, short stop, horse face, horse cock
Bouncer, door stop, tell me when enough's enough
Looking at me warming up, microwave a nigga flow
Pity y'all don't see me though the rest of y'all already know
I get it like I gotta, man, Flier like a college band
Niggas looking for a deal and I cut out the middle man
Drinking fucking grape juice, early at a wine bar
Blacker than Depeche Mode so I'm a Goth Star

Street niggas, hood rats, ladies and gentlemen
Childish Gambino greater than sign everyone
Apples to oranges, Jay Leno to Letterman
Got a cool whip and my girl ass gelatin
"Fake niggas back in style" no never that
If I'm wrong, see you in hell with hella cash
God dammit we the boys with the illest rain
Royalty forever and the rest is just a silly game
Still learnin' how to work your girlfriend's genitals
Still buyin' sweaters off of 30 Rock residuals
Money change everything, these bitches always down to ride
Especially if you keep they nose gentrified
Money off of curse words, I hope my mama's proud of me
Man, I've done it all, so I guess we both prodigies
From PJs to PJs, that's projects to privates
Now you understand my fuckin' mindset, let 'em know

I know you want my head to roll, my body on that dirty curb
My rap music's dead and gone, niggas want me in the dirt
I bust your little bubble, shatter your dreams
And push you over in my bottomless pit of sixteens
Alchemist rapper transform on your shape-shift
Cause if it never dawned on you, I'm a snake bitch
The great serpent is tatted on my fist
Kundalini Key on the pyramid
This is meditated murder, my aura that over-lifer
He escaped out the belly like it's been a long time, son
Surprise son, I'm back for you motherfuckas' soul you owe me
We made a blood pact when you stole my style
Nigga straight bit my swag
But I'm a demon, I get even when I take mine's back
I'm a god in the flesh, all this power I possess
I crush you little pussies like sex, who's next?

I'm sittin' on a bunch of green faces
So my wallet is an alien invasion
Or a spaceship, my crew's the illest
So we Aaahh!!! real monsters, Nicktoons Ickis
That line's the stupidest, but it be lucrative
I'm sellin' out these venues, niggas gotta get used to it
Now fuckin' with the realest that you ever had
And P my motherfuckin' nigga so I call him dad

Yeah I'm a motherfucker too, birthed a lot of sons
Get a lot of money, spent it on a lot of guns
Clean me up, but you can't change what's in my head

Killin’ Glenlivet, Dom P said it
My flow go to earth, we the ill pandemic
We smoke the whole barn up, bitch I'm on my high horse
You don't watch Community? Girl, what is you lyin' for?

Bitch, I got immunity
Out here in the jungle of concrete
Where I hustle gettin' all these rhymes off
Hoes wanna jump, but I don't want your little dyke
I'm too preoccupied with this good life

I want a hood life, cash and clothes
Fast as hoes, then get ghosts like Casper though
Smash 'em though, they don't know what hit 'em
Childish Gambino, show a nigga that you with him say "ayo"

Used to push a skateboard, now I got a Beemer
Pockets steady drowning, haven't heard from FEMA
None of it's from rapping, so I guess this is my hobby
But I'm selling out these venues so these labels tryna sign me
Being broke is so behind me even though I try to keep it real
Like these girls with small tits when niggas cop a feel
Yes I'm on their heels when it comes to spitting syllables
Bitches are a dime a dozen, girls are individuals
"Childish Gambino is the lamest fucker," how you figure?
Whitest dude you ever met but ain't afraid of saying "nigga"
Yes these fucks are talking 'bout their money like I give a fuck
When they know they can't afford like they need a truck
Rolling outta bed to write a screenplay, leave her naked
I need a girl who makes her own cake, Anita Baker
I'm breaking up with girls who don't like my ambition
When their clothes are from my wallet, and their food is in my kitchen

I remember the good times
And I remember the bad
After all the craziness we've been through
From the beginning
I'm moving on
This is goodbye

A promise is a promise, man
My work has taken over me, I am not proud of it
It's hard to keep a normal life when you are more than normal
I write a song and sleep for two hours, a rare disorder
These girls are fucking up
They tell me come to bed while I'll be up just writing stuff
Pussies need the Black Keys, y'all need to tighten up
My luxuries outweigh my problems, catch my shit and be my condom
Ladies holler that's a joke y'all need to lighten up
Yes I stay fly and well read like a cardinal
Fucking girls from TV show's, my DVR is on the pill
Sometimes they use the ring, I am Gollum in this motherfucker
Fresh Prince a nigga, man call me when you know another
Searching for the perfect girl ain't working, I found nothing yet
Kinda wanna settle down, don't think that I'm done fucking yet
So let me write these verses, and stay up late at night
I don't think you can keep up with my life, ight?

Eh eh eh Childish Gambino, ho

Sippin' on that Knob Creek, royalty is mob deep
Kinda nigga eatin' out yo pussy when your mom's asleep
Drinkin' mango lassi, can't nobody stop me
Give your boy a track and leave the body like Gadhafi
Cause ain't nobody fuckin' with me, man
Ain't nobody fuckin' like it's HIV, man
It's crazy how Memorial Drive is just that
Only liquor stores and porn survivin' the cutback, but hold up
Hold up, hold up, man my neighbor just shot himself
Bullet to the head and exit out the bottom left
I never holla back, bitches and all of that
I got my work until she comes and forms a dollar stack
When you counting the Ninja Turtles while these white guys get fraternal?
You don’t want no problems, we be on that BME
The only nigga slinging 30 rocks - legally
Throw the verses on the track but ain't nobody seein' me?
I can't see, shout out to my nigga Ellison
It's been a year since I said "Too expensive"
The post office won't give my dad his pension
Your girls get mad when I pull out like extensions
Pete's still goin', Chi's still blowin'
My girl Polynesian you can say I got Samoan
It's a marriage - it's apparent that this is it
In a year I went from Will Farrell to Will Smith
And my turds terrified cause I killed this shit

Old money flow, yeah I did mine bigger
Apeshit flow so King Kong, nigga
You got big money, man? How long nigga
Can't talk right now, I'm in Hong Kong, nigga
Wanna be me, but they don't know how; so profound
Who cares what they be on, I'm in the sun with aviators on
My favorite song, I came to ball
Bow down, my ladies want a shout out
Ass backwards, Kris Kross
T-rex, Chris Bosh
Fly as a kite, man, I must be
Claiming to be what them thugs be
These niggas is making it dusty
Cause I'm aiming at you like I just sneezed

In the time that I'm around
Shoutout to them Migos

Childish Gambino, doper than twenty kilos
Feeling me no Aveeno, pardon me that’s my ego
Nigga, I’m on, my swagga on He-Man
Down for Community, these other niggas Glee fans
You cannot see me you are blind like Venetians
Eyes wide open, nigga stay focused
Batman on these niggas, I am tired of these jokers
And my brain is too expressive and your mind is on the local

Motherfucker, I ain’t playing
Ironic, I am Childish
Addressin’ all you niggas, now you motherfuckers stylish
And get me any indie song, I promise to annihil’ it
My mouth will kill everyone, I guess that bitch A nihilist

Yeah my girls are the wildest, they’re in love with a weirdo
I am so different I am Protégé, my hero
Self-made phenom, green like tree frogs
Save every penny like Inspector Gadget reruns

My name is Donald Glover
Talented motherfucker
Childish is my cover
To hide this shit from my mother
She can’t know how I’m livin’
I’m drinkin’ and fuckin’ women
And she is Jehovah Witness
And don’t believe in all this shit

But I gotta handle business, kick it like soccer
Upper-class Kit-Kat, break ‘em off proper
I am just a rapper, Sick Boy is my clique man
You are not a Sick Boy, you are just a sick man

Take some Dimetapp, yeah these hoes a dime-a-tap
‘Less you get caught by them bitches, better keep your penis wrapped
Then you are just a rapper, the sky is the limit
Don’t put nothing on the game, just put something back in it

You'll be my unregistered, sex offender. When my mom and dad are both at work
You'll be my unregistered, sex offender. I can lie about who ripped my shirt. Ohh

You're my middle-aged angel sent from above
You're required to go door to door and tell them we're in love
We could be close together when you're far from your wife
I think that scars are really cool. You should scar me for life

If we do something dirty, I can just take a bath
Age is just a number, and I'm not good at math
Let's take it slow at first; I wanna remember it all
Because I'm gonna show them where you touched me on a doll

I know you think about me, when you're at work
Lets take a walk to your car and start an amber alert
I know you're friends with my dad, so you're closer to me
Lets do tonight, and I'll repress the memories

You'll be my unregistered, sex offender
I know how to keep a secret well
Wanna bring your love to show and tell

Sick bois don't die, they fresh to death
My shoes bright blue, so you watch my step
My hoody hot pink with the hat to match
So you ain't gotta know where my paper at
Pop tags cause I'm filthy, apes can bathe me
My home is the dirty but I shine like crazy
My hat tag up and it hang off slightly
My game 8-bit so you niggas can bite me
Nike like me cause my life is great
I'm married to the game, we should consummate
Brand new hoodies the color of light sabers
My name ain't Luke, but that dude date Leias
With fly ass sneakers
Bump them speakers
Pump this groove 'til your ear start bleedin'
White girls shake it 'til the black dudes notice
Black girls shake it so you can regain focus

Swag it out, swag it out

Let's get one thing straight, I'm no average rapper
Born in SoCal, then I hit Atlanta
Then to New York, I'm an army brat
And I learn new things all across the map
In Cali I was small taught need to be strong
And Atlanta had the hawk so I learned how to ball
New York had Starks on the New York Knicks
So when they came around I had my first round pick
And now I'm so sick that they call me Ebola
Sick girls all on my pole like totem
Life is a gamble, your boy done told 'em
Play your cards right like it's Texas hold 'em
Bounce dem shoulders, go ahead Bankhead
I can do it better even though I'm stone mountain
Georgia's on my mind, but I live in New York
So I got Southern Drawl and I limp when I walk
They used to say a nigga lame when I started to rap
No them fake fuck niggas askin' me for a track
Pokin' me on facebook tryin' to be my friend
Nigga you get your face took you ask me one more 'gain
I'm a genius, why they call the shit G-mail man
This is my space nigga, you can't make top ten

My name's Bambino, I'm always in trouble
I do stupid shit on a dare like double
Think your games tight, I'mma bust your bubble
I shop at Gucci and Barneys like rubble
Scope like Hubble, quick like chunnel
I leave MC's in the dark like tunnel
Men do huddles, girlfriends cuddle
Eh heh, alright

My hoodie on glow
My hoodie, my my my hoodie on glow

My hoodie so dope, my hoodie so tight
My hoodie in school cause my hoodie so bright
Welcome, my nigga, to color, Crayola
Got the bright purple, like a grape soda
Nigga I told you, my hoodie no joker
Walk up in the hoodie to a party like toga
Breathe like yoga, get off my scrotum
The color of my hoodie like a Lisa Frank folder
Im at the Kid Robot, my wallet done shown up
They had five hoodies, but this shit done sold out
Spent too much, I know a bad habit
My hoodie look like a shit from a Trix rabbit

Y'all know I'm a hoodie all pro
Find me in my hoodie like a hoodie Waldo
Rocking Amadeus like a hoodie falco
Staying self-absorbed like I'm Frida Kahlo
From the playground, with the sports team on it
To the old folks home, put some morphine on it
I rock my hoodie whether rain or shine
Over-priced in a Sam Goody frame of mind
Got a pouch in the front that holds my CDs
And warms my hands when it's too breezy
Believe me, the quickest way to get hurt
Is if I catch you calling it a hooded sweatshirt

I ain't your ordinary nigga
Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets ya

Gam-B, the one like Neo
You didn't see it coming
Reverse Miss Cleo
I'm C-P30
Or better yet Anakin
When it comes to lightsaber's that I'm handlin
I used to be king of the whack look
Now I stay king of the mac book
Yes mac book, where you write your numbers down
Yeah boy, I got girls in and out of town
You got it wrong like saying OJ;IJ
Stop the rumors
Asian girls don't got sideways
I gotta fuck every shade of latte
I gotta flow like my mouth to Kanye's
These niggas think that I'm playing, I ain't saying nothing
I'll fuck your girl on the burner
I'm so top stuffing
You can't stop nothing, I'm the juggernaut
That's why your B's sweet on me like I'm butterscotch
Yeah we run a lot
Boy the track runners here
I'm Elroy we jet sun out the atmosphere
Let me make it clear
I'm your inner fear
And I'm taking over, please don't interfere

Uhhhh I'm the streets desire
Your getting too old man, please retire
Don't make me carry you like I'm liar liar
Bring the heat like a monster, I'm Elmo's fire
I'm too busy spittin shit with a socialite
I'm too busy sittin bitch with some model types
Yes sir my girl's look like Rihanna twice
With some packed bags, yeah, they ain't going home tonight
Get your camera phone, prove ya seen me
Or else you'll be with friends like "Please believe me!"
I'm all that, I'm Kel and Kenan
Nigga, I come hard like I'm filled with semen
These rappers bore me
Gun talk with black clothes
Y'all let me know when y'all let 1998 go
Y'all niggas scared to grow
I'm never scared to go
Anywhere that's new, I go outside, y'all niggas stay at home
But that's alright dude
I'm a special guy
Y'all been wanting to rap since you were ankle high
And I've been wanting to rap since like what, 05?
Do the math man, how are you one of the best alive?
Gam-B, yes me, best out there
Trying to get universal like healthcare
So fresh, so clean, like a new pair
When you get to the top what you do there?

I'm a diamond in the rough
Everybody knows the score
Bambino on top
And them haters claymore
"But the people want more!"
And I'mma give it to 'em
I was born a winner
All I had to do was show 'em
My hoodie canary yellow
But I'm bright on my own
Most haters out there take naps like combs
I never sleep, I'm always on my grind
I never eat, unless a rapper spit a rhyme
Sick girls jockin', haters keep hatin'
They pissed off cause I'm more Eli than Peyton
Cause I'm the underdog, which means I'm under, dog
I'm not a nigga who moves snow like Santa Claus
I'm just a nigga with watermelons instead of balls
Cause I work from the bottom to the top
I used to be lost like Locke
Haters got a shook core like Pac, get it?

Said the proof is in the pudding
The secret's in the sauce
I ain't gotta tell nobody why they call me the boss x2

Y'all niggas need to learn to live, life is awesome
Open up your own store, get a house in Boston
I know it's not easy, it takes some drive
Some niggas get desperate like the Housewives
And they only see fortune, they don't see wealthy
You can lose a fortune, wealthy is healthy
You can't lose wealth, it's everywhere
The world's made of Brewster's
There's millions here
But if you Richard Pryor, they having the cash you get
And hard work and hoping and your faith is set
I know the world's tough
I was just like you
I used to eat Lay's, now my chips are blue

Yea!

Childish Gambino, yeah, I got that swagger
Yeah, a hater mad but it just don’t matter
These girls all know that I got that cheddar
But it on a sandwich and eat it off a platter

My mouth vacationin’, chillin’ on her lawn
It’s amazing how I’m off but I’m on
Lame niggas try to make a move like pawn
I’m the one and only Bambi no fawn

Give me that track, man, leave it to professionals
I am just a rapper, man, talk like a vegetable
Don’t be surprised, my face don’t change
A nigga make waves like a baseball game

I’mma do me so hard I’ll get pregnant
Will I have another me? Nigga, trick question
There’s only one of me like the G in this sentence
G for Gambino, wear a crown like dentures

Thanks to the fans, love ya like family
No I don’t remember when my mouth lost its sanity
Nerdy girls, hipster, Frye boots, hoodie
Make me wanna fuck the whole word in a good way

And if I can’t say he is so handsome
Get like me, that’s the sick boy anthem
I am just a rapper, so I’m not speakin’
And I won’t stop like a vampire’s weekend
Sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick…

Oh, the boys move fast, you should take it slow
Well, we all need someone to tell us when to go
A beat-box imaginary in the show
All your shell-toes lined up in a row
All your favorite breaks, your favorite ELO)

Uh huh
Ok, here we go

Yes I'm back to bat again
Yes these rappers sad again
The beat is hot and grabbin' them
And holy shit, like Vatican
Boy so sick he need a doctor in his condom
Don't worry about that hearsay just worry about what I know
Cause I know how to rhyme though
I got these girlies wailin'
Country's in my backyard, I'm Mr. Sarah Palin
Girls call me cutie pie but I don't really know them
Call me Mr. Facebook because I superpoke them
Leave that pussy open
But only if you want it girl
We can play SF4 grab a controller girl
Callin' me the prostitute, not cause I got a baby
They callin' me the prostitute cause "Fuck you. Pay me."

Ay yo
Y'all niggas need to stop, stop, stop, stop
Ok, listen up
Y'all heard this shit before
This is the part of the song where somebody's supposed to come in
And talk and shit
But I don't talk
I just do baby

My turtleneck tucked in
I'm spittin' shit like I'm Teddy Ruxpin
With batteries in
I don't really eat words but I do eat carpet
A nigga stay down like I'm made of stock markets
I love to sport green like my last name Flanigan
I'm breakin' up with girls over twitter like Aniston
Cause ain't nobody know me but my momma and my daddy
My flow stay hot like I keep it in the attic
Put my cash in the freezer
Cold presidents
So I call them Frost Nixons
Or Eskimo Clintons
Fuck with my pension, you 'bout to get your head lost
You gotta pay me double back and that's your overhead cost
Cause I'm the boss
And yes I stay sauced
To that creak in the cave
Oh behave
Bitch

Let's do this
Keep it bouncin' y'all
I gotta get outta here
Yo, you know, it's C.G

We do it
Yeah, yeah

Kill ‘em
That’s what I hear when I get a hot feel
In my nostrils
In my forehead
As I code red
You’d be more dead
Than a horse head
In a four bedroom apartment
Bloggers that’ll start shit
You wanna criticize me
Just so you can drink green tea
With Lykke Li at a speakeasy?
Wearin’ some American Apparel
While you’re starin’ at a Tim and Eric DVD, uh
Can’t get enough
Crime Mob Shit, knuck if you buck
Celibate girls do stuff in the butt
Get it out with a Q-tip or some Müeslix
I’m a eunuch just ‘cause I can’t give a fuck
Kiss her on the neck while she’s buttonin’ up
Uh and my pants down
It’s funny how when I put Camp out
They gotta camp out
Better than half of all rap that you have on your laptop
At your dad’s house, hands down
Fake niggas say “you the man now”
Got a DJ like Roseanne’s house
Sam go hard like a handjob, nigga
Yeah, Childish don’t go hard, what
Now everybody wanna fuck with me, slut
The flow is too sick
Got them white boy clothes and that black dude dick, uh
Now I understand why you gotta hate a nigga
East side, Stone Mountain-Decatur, nigga
Y’all niggas lame, I’m fly as hell
‘Cause I’m fuckin’ lame, and I don’t even care

C.G. but I'm real light talk
I know these motherfuckers wish I'd turn my mic off
Fuckin' Teddy Roosevelt
Big stick, walk soft
On top of this hill of pussy where I get my rocks off
Yeah my raps kill laundry
Knock socks off
Rappers think they're on the court
All they do is trash talk
But I do not talk, I am just a rapper
He's rapping over indie songs? This is a disaster!
But I made it dope like I'm cookin' in the kitchen
And these niggas couldn't see me now I'm fuckin' with they vision
And these bitches wasn't listening
Now they fucking listening
Shoot from the hip, motherfucker I'm a hipster
Do big things like a whale is your sister
Bitches get all dolled up, Westminster
Fake niggas ain't happy, are ya dude?
More raps than vegetarian barbecues
Can't learn, this rapping has to be part of you
Big dog, I'm steady reppin', I'm Marmaduke
And I'm trying to do
Everything
Sick Boy
Medicine
And I kill beef
Burger King
Elroy, and I jettison
Out the atmosphere
I was always here
Girls tremble when they see me like it's cold in there
I do not talk don't chat neither
If it ain't about me then you shouldn't talk either
Bambi mixtape got poppin'
All the super late girls asking when the album droppin
If you ain't gettin yours then you better get something
My shit hot shit like turd in the oven

My mouth drops classics
Lips are historic
Tongue is amazing
Ask your clitoris
Underground king like the young Bun B
And these haters are pussy so they should love me
Cuz I'm so T-I-T-E
Niggas can't believe that my shit is free
Indie rap niggas smoke purp, drink tea
And what you should know, I do a lot of this
I mean business, I'm the Economist
Big bad wolf, blowing over your cottages
Nigga on Twitter, but ain't easy to follow this
I'm dropping new shit, like the early bird
Shout out to Silver Lake
Shout out to Williamsburg
To all my Slick Rick kids looking dapper
Do your thing and you are just a rapper

Hit me

Girls look better in a real tight sweater
Tight sweater, tight tight sweater

Gambino on the mic make the pussy much wetter
Try to get the girls, call the guy go getter
No cheddar, go home in a rogue letter
It's a college center, so my financial aid's better
You better dead her, yo that girl's going crazy
She got a twinkle in her eye like she want to have a baby
Maybe I should call her up on a Saturday
Take her to a dinner and a movie, Braves game
Maybe we can call her up again
You looking good girl, you should bring your friends
And I don't really talk shit, I'm a douche and a bad rapper
I'd act faster, but my tongue's in a black plaster
If your girl shops in sizes that are too small for her, let her
Cause girls look better in a real tight sweater

Bababababa
There is no one like me
Th-th-there is no one like me, like me

Girls that turn me down are saying? Please and sorry
You lucky that I'm Randy, Aziz Ansari
So now I'm in the club telling strippers they should back it up
I wanna fuck these small girls, minus "sm"

I ain't going nowhere somebody better tell a hater
Fuck what you heard, bitch I'll fuck your fuckin' brains out
Put your fucking boots on it's time to kick the lames out
Pussy thrown at me, you fucking with a wide receiver
I'm a genius, and I don't need to hide it either
Whatever you asking bout, I promise you that I done it

One, two, three, check it out

On the road to sandwiches and chicken wings
Phat people do phat things
Using salt and pepper for their seasonings
Check it out

It's B to the I to the double L-Y
My friends all know I'm not an ordinary guy
I like little things, like chicken wings
BBQ sauce, honey mustard, onion rings

And when my cell phone rings it goes jingle-jing
I say hello, I say hello, I say who this be?
They say it's Fancy Ned, I got a fancy head
I'll eat a fancy ass sandwich on some fancy ass bread

The wait is over, shut up, bend over
I hang with monsters, I chill with Grover
The boy Ebola, my boy phat too
And my girl so phat that they call her Oprah

I got that green like a bowl of okra
Loose change so phat can't fit my sofa
I head to the bank, call the shit my grocer
It's Sex in the City, get the phat mimosa

Me and B, we phat boys, hang with phat girls
Driving phat toys, fuck Dan Aykroyd
I'm live on a Saturday night
I got two phat girls, I'm doing it right

Like my name John Goodman
I got the phat crib so I'm doing real good, man
And I'm up to no good, man
This is how I get phat, call the shit cooking

I tip waitresses, I tip scales
My style is kind of phat like an Orca whale
I'm sipping whole milk as I stare
Thinking I can be your Oprah, you can be my Gayle

Cause I am a phat boy, never been to Bally's
Married to this phat life, call me Kirstie Alley
Married to the snack life, counting every calorie
Might just open up a phat boy art gallery

What else you do, B?
I'll make it easy
For girls to squeeze me

I'm phat but my numbers run
Listen son, I'mma show them how it's done
When my swagger weighs a ton
Stickin' straws inside of girls, you can call me the Capri Sun

I make the girls drip, so I guess I eat Gushers
Screaming out yeah like I'm eating out Usher
In your dad's bedroom where I fuck you
Knockin' on the door, so you're screaming out "nothing"
But they all know it's something
You didn't think I'd tear the pussy up, did you pumpkin?
But better and better like Benjamin Button

I hang out with Chester Cheeto
Cooler than the ranch on your Dorito
Hotter than the peppers in your burrito
Getting cheddar and cream, if you know what I mean

Yeah, I know what you mean, home girl mistaken
She think Gambino won't bring home bacon
Or bring home Swiss cheese, my dough got holes
Cause all these hoes want shoes and nice clothes

They want the Macy's, the Neiman Marcus
The Fendi purses, the Gucci parkas
I know you want it, don't get me started
They see Gambino and they act retarded

Eat snacks, mother fucker, eat snacks
Eat snacks coming out of packs
Guaranteed to put a little fat on your back
Eat snacks

You’re my babydoll
I’ll hold you closer
Just like I’m supposed to

I’m a weird dude, but you like me
Give other girls shocks like Nikes
I know I’m always on the road you can type me
And if you don’t do that you can Skype me
I’m a big kid, and you know that
But it don’t make me happy so we blow that
Can I make time? I don’t really know
Cause I see you’re pissed off when I go to shows
I never really had a girl like this
But I ain’t never had a girl who could keep interest
The things that I do, the things that I wanna be
I know I’m hardheaded, can’t see things in front of me
I’m gonna be the best, you can believe that
So try an understand when I have to leave that
When I’m done, I’ma give you the call
Don’t ya know sugar, you my sugar babydoll

I love you both, can’t you tell?
I love her lights, I love the smell
But I think you kinda know I got a girl on the side
She pay for my house and she pay for my ride
She give me nice things and she make me feel good
She give me a little cash and I spend on you
She my sugar mama only with her for the money
But you know it’s untrue cause I talk about her funny
Saturday night’s, I’m supposed to be with you
But instead I’m in bed with the stage and the crew
She laughs at my jokes, she tells me I’m cute
She tells me if we together we make a little loot
But I know I couldn’t have her if I didn’t have you
And I know sometimes I don’t make curfew
Ya know I’d never, ever, ever try to hurt you
I’m a just try to do what I gotta do

It's Childish Gambino, y'all know who it is, how it is and what it do
Mr. Jens Lekman on the track, ladies and gentlemen
For those of you wondering for whom the sample is
Alright. Let's do this. Uh-huh

I'm the sickest Nigga ever, go and tell your ma!
And I got a little liquor like a St. Bernard!
Niggas hold onto Cliffs, like Phylicia Rashad!
Cause I'm always on the edge, but I don't fall off!
I's a boy in the hoodie and a hat to match!
And the shit bright orange like a pumpkin patch!
And they call me Guy Ritchie cause I work with snatch!
And I'm rich, and a guy. Whatch'all think of that?
And the cops stay on me cause I'm young and black!
And the boy stay crazy like a pound of crack!
And I'm all that jazz like my name was scat!
College dudes like me too love my name Borat!
And I like my girls thick like chocolate, fat like my wallet
I'm tellin' y'all the truth, like a prophet
And if Gambino on the track, you should cop it
And all y'all Niggas totin' guns need to stop it

I'm so focused. Yeah
We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutherfucker we prepared for you! Ungh!
We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutherfuckers we prepared for you! Ungh!

Before you even know how long this song lasts
You'll be reelin' and feelin' so flabbergasted
Like a fast pass that you can't catch, I'll leave you blasted
Lambasted, like I doused you in acid
I could be takin' some comedy and I'm makin' that tradic
Like I spin, cause I hocus, I focus, I'm flippin' it back and now it's magic
And the beat go from cool, like plan is to janet, to dammit!
Cuties cute in to inspect my go-go gadget
Why? Cause I spit in split time. It's a sign of a double wear prada I'm reachin'
I'm teachin' 'em for a while that you can't deny I'm alive
So existential, my rhymes are quinessential
I'm an educated black and that's a fact. I'm presidential
One riff, and I'm siftin' through n*ggas lies
Got a gift to keep my eyes on the prize, you best move to the side
Cause I'm goin' for the gold, I'm a stone soldier
Gambino told you Jokers that I'm so, so, so foc- I'm so FO-cusssssssed

I'm all grown up, but I'm still Childish
It's crazy to think that all them days is behind us
I remember when niggas tried to stop us
Now them same niggas on my dick and try for profit
This is what I asked for. It comes with the territory
This isn't a cry for help, ain't no pinnochio story
I'm in it just for the glory - I'm in this to win it, babe
Sorry that I came home late

Yes it is
A crime is a crime
From the tiniest marble that rolls down a storm drain
To an autographed baseball that rolls down a storm drain
Now who's doing this
I'm in, I'm in
To the storm drain
No Charlie

Good morning, I gotta take a stand
Nigga this who I be, nigga this who I am
Nigga this who I be and I hope that you understand
I be ridin' forever, I be ridin' forever

Hot as Nevada, Reno
Niggas that say, what he know
Give me five like I'm Tito
I never touched a kilo
Opposite Al Pacino
I keep a light saber like I fuck around with Greedo
It's time to be a grown-up
Nigga get your odor
See a nigga rolling
Riding on diplomas
Damn this beat is so nuts
Thank you, MC DJ
Yeah, my mouth is nasty
Like I gave a BJ
I don't give a fizzuck
These niggas are out of lizzuck
This nigga is off the hizzook
Like walking out a prison
For me I see the vision
You're fucking with ambition
Casino money like Navajo
Their money says, Geronimo
My money comes in lotto dough
Be me on the other tit
Call me Mr. Masturbate
Tighter than your jerking grip
You looser than some turkey neck
Haters need to listen up
My attitude's a prostitute who broke
Cause she don't give a fuck

The game is afoot, the mystery's at hand
We like to pilfer podiums, in other words we take a stand
We make a plan, attack that jam like it was Afghanistan
We like to ride our bikes, mother fuck a mystery van
Stop and listen be shoplifting 'pocalyptic Stephen King
I take a stand, fuck the man
Now will you please pull that string
I need your case and a dime
But we also take Fruit Roll-Ups
Takin' a bite out of crime, so all criminals better hold up
I be riding forever
Like a vampire on a bus
Like a roller-coaster tester
I be riding till I bust
I got my magnifying glass
My bike matches my cup
Watch my seekers eat pedal
You can dine on my dust
Whatever it is we can handle
But we really don't do murder
Fuck up suspects, gather clues
Then we break for a cheeseburger
No shit Sherlock, mad like Murdock
If there's a mystery going on
Be in it like Robin Williams chilled in Good Morning, Vietnam
Nanu, nanu, nanu, nanu

This comedy movie was not fun to make
At all
So when you're sitting in your living room and you're yucking it up
Or in the theater
Or, you know, and you're saying oh with your little friends
Oh this is so funny
It's not funny
We started making this five years ago and we're still trying to get shit right
I'm going to get some Cheez-Its from Krafty

"Fake niggas back in style" naw never that
Still wonderin' how to work your girlfriend's genitals
Still makin' money off of 30 Rock residuals
Money changes everything, these girls are always down to ride
Especially if you keep they noses gentrified
Money off of curse words, I hope my momma proud of me
Man I done it all, so I guess we both prodigies

Good little girl
Always picking a fight with me
You know that I'm bad
But you're spending the night with me

What do you want from my world?
You're a good little girl

Bad little boy
That's what you're acting like
I really don't buy
That you're that kind of guy

And, if you are
Why do you want to hang out with me?

Don't you know I'm a villain?
Every night I'm out killin'
Sending everyone running like children

I know why you're mad at me
I've got demon eyes
And they're looking right through your anatomy

Into your deepest fears
Baby, I'm not from here
I'm from the Nightosphere, to me you're clear

Transparent
You've got a thing for me girl
It's apparent

Is it really that bad that my clothes is tight?
That I hydrate babes like Pedialyte
That I stay rock hard like a meteorite
Thought your homeboy here was an idiot right?
Well, ya thought wrong, I got flavor
I rock shows with the blue lightsaber
I hit dimes but also date eighters
I make moves, blow up like Al-Qaeda
I'm in kicks that you can't buy yet
Ya kicks okay like your name Wyatt
Care Bear Clockers, pink highlighters
Haters wanna snatch my heat like firefighters
Boys out there think they just like me
Naw naw, y'all funny, y'all from UCB?
Y'all standin' in line, I'm in VIP
Y'all know shit 'bout me like TIP, hah!

Ooh, bum bumbumbum bum bumbumbum

Think your voice's funny man, that's kind of hilarious
I'm the rapper makin' noise when there's shadow in your area
I’m like a damager cause I’m a little loquacious
I do it for the hotties with the bodies bodacious
I'm high pitched, might flip if ya diss my node
Think Chris ain't the shit, you can kiss my chode
Weak ass sales, not too early to boast
Seriously bro, hand over the security code
Because my rhymes so fresh, green grocers' gotta spray 'em
Fired all my lawyers cause I didn't wanna pay 'em
From the PM to the AM I'll slay 'em with the sawed-off
Make a little money and I'll smoke the marijuana
MC without Glover is Murtaugh without Riggs
Jam and peanut butter with the crust cut off for kids
One smokes Kinds, the other smokes Mids
Let's mix it up a little like the DJ did
Bacardi and Coke, black and white cookie
Smokin' in the alley cause you know we're playin' hooky
We're up to no good, please don't tell our mamas

Sicker than Old Yeller, money like bank tellers
The chicks that I'm with are thicker than Nutella
Y'all need to switch quick and get with a sick fella
Cause I'm bout to go Rihanna like I'm an Umbrella
Come over to my place, we can cut like shears
And make some mistakes like Jamie Lynn Spears
I'm nasty? No. Forward? Yes
I'm hip to the game, you're a rook like chess
My money so long that they call it John Silver's
Your money so light that it fluff like pillows
Boutique killers, you can see
They close up shop when the clerks see me
I'm not Kanye, but my collar's popped
Cause the bro's like soda, I shit you not
This shit's bright orange, Fanta shade
You got the yellow face, that's my lemonade
I'mma try to stay tight like girls that fuck hard
Stay in the Bay with green like Brett Farve

Lyrics will be available upon release. Stay tuned!

You know what I did, it doesn't matter
You know that I'll always be better
Sometimes I'm crazy, and you know it
That's how I show you that I care

Whatever I did, girl, forget about it
Whatever I said, girl, just forget about it
Whatever I do, girl, just forget about it all night long
Yeah, oh

Everybody put your hands up
Clap them together
Clap them together for me
All night long

You know what I did
It doesn't matter
Times are crazy
And you know it

Everybody put their hands up

Also, remember how he learned to cut out the middle man? Instagram

Uh, they call me the rocker
Uh, yeah, uh-huh, uh

They call me the rocker
I get down like 2Pac and Big Poppa
Some say he too birds, you can't stop him
Niggas got too much beef like two Whoppers
Look at my clockers, it's about time
For a nigga to mature like a glass of fine wine
Ain't no nigga alive can outshine
I get sneaks, but don't pay like I'm crime
I run this bitch, cause I'm Will Smith
Cause I am legend and you just Hitch
Naw, I'm Hitch
Cause I get bitches
Well, I got more than one so call me eight Hitches
We ain't got riches, just some nice kicks
So call me Bruce Lee who's dressed in nice shit
Haters think I'm lame and girls think I'm sick
But both of them groups is riding my dick

Yeah, they call me the rocker
Call me Mr. Gambino

Uh-huh, check this out
I'm fly like birds and I spit real shit so my flow like turds
And my words absurd so I turn it all around
So my mouth is my ass and I sit when I'm loud
And I'm black and I'm proud
And I'm white and I'm rich
So fuck it, I'm a martian, I'm Lilo and Stitch
Niggas say I sound like Weezy and shit
Well he the best in the game so what's wrong with that?
Are you trying to tell me that my rhymes is phat?
Call me Usain Bolt cause I run the track
Nigga I'm sick of that
Stop comparing me to people
I know my voice funny like my name John Heder
And I'm out of this world and I'm hot like space heaters
And my girl top down so I call her two seater
My iPhone blast like TNT
I text back to home girl, "What you know 'bout me?"
I'm in NYC or in ATL
And my wallet stay fat like Kenan plus Kel
Nigga what's that smell, cause my shit don't stink
Cause my shirt bright blue and my shoes hot pink
And I finish this drink that I call a Twin Tower
Two Bud Lights and a whiskey sour
Where I fall down, that shit is ground zero
Little kids saying, "There goes my hero!"

Hahahaha
They call me the rocker, nigga!
Yo I'm out man

Whipping the Lamb, whipping and gripping the Lamb
Niggas like “Bino the man” I was like “damn”
I was allergic to not making money
The timing was perfect
They used to not pay me no nevermind
Niggas these numbers don’t ever lie
Fuck with your boy like a pedophile
Damn I’m fly, I’m so high I might need a spaceship
I’m on acid, this bitch is basic
We the niggas y’all love to hate on
But when they see us, y’all never say shit
Conversation, I’m in that, top 5, I’m in rap
Pussy niggas y’all say shit and don’t do shit
I flew your girl to Saint Lucia
Aww these niggas are not from Atlanta
These niggas are not from Atlanta
‘Cause I’m from Atlanta and we would just handle it
Rap game, I’m Steve Urkel
Ur-kel, they want some chicks I’m like “oh well”
You better Google search
We had the beat and then we heard the verse and said “Nigga, we hate it”
Living my life like I’m Jaden, Tesla the color of Satan
Because I’m fuckin the best right now muthafucka, I’ll see you niggas later

I'm Childish Gambino
INES and Foxy Show
Shia, you suck bad!

As the world's turning, feel like I'm a worse person
My tongue's hurting, from all of its work cursing
And I'm not certain, I think my father's LeVar Burton
Till I'm walking in circles and I'm talking in third person
In the eighth grade I got high off paper mache
Because ain't nothing changed, I'm still known as a rude student
That'll walk inside your class and make fun of your school shooting
I can prove it, I'm too cool as a matter of fact
I been writing these verses while I'm having a heart attack
I'm in your bedroom cranking on out and staring black
Stereo blaring, Gwen Steffani can holla back
At a Klan rally wondering why they won't let me in
Shia, I'm coming straight for ya, I hope you know that I'm on ya
D to the O's got a flow like menstrual cycles
Change my face every year like Michael... Jackson
Cause I'm packing heat
I got the fucking beat and a fucking lead
Dripping on you motherfuckers all the time
I bust guts like I bust a rhyme
I bust nuts like I'm Busta Rhymes
And I ain't even gotta do it, I ain't have the time
On Community
What you do to me?
Fly girls wanna get inside my booty
Or is it the other way around
Cause I'm skating on a skateboard, driving downtown
At Peachtree, Atlanta, Stone Mountain till I die
E-40 got nothing on this
Horny motherfucker from the Stone Mountain Georgia
Got something for ya
Yeah that freestyle was torture

I'm done!

S-I-C-K B-O-I
You should come join us nigga, we so fly
Highlighter colors, brand new sneaks
Sick Bois stick together in a pinch like cheeks
We the new Lost Boys - I'm Peter Pan
Cause I'm in the bright green, Tinkerbell on my hand
We can run house parties, my name ain't Play
But you's a kid, you should be on your way
Colors like barkers, hoodies like Parkers
Haters on my dick, take a bite like sharkers
I'mma stay weirdo, I'm a straight hero
Haters on the side makin' numbers like zero
I'mma get flyer, numbers get higher
You would stop movin' like a flat tire
I'm not The Wire but I'm like Michael
Custom birdie green, they on dookie like fire

I'm sick like a hospital, whether you're in pain or not
I'm crazy like a swastika inside of a bagel shop
I'm the Juggernaut, bitch! Unstoppable
Think of me as hurricanes cause rappers are incomparable
Most of y'all insufferable, soundin' like a board scratch
Rappers are like ants to me, I stab 'em in the thorax
Lyrically a metaphor, Atlanta's only troubadour
Face it; only seen by a few like a unicorn
I'mma try to get my swagger right, like I'm Dolemite
Spread it all around to the kids like it's Vegemite
Get the proper etiquette, bitch you from Connecticut!
I'mma try to modify the subject like a predicate
I'm not the best rapper but I'm better than you
You with a big pickle like your name was Stu
I'm a Sick Boi, that's just how we do
Even your name's a game like you DJ Clue

I am the awesome
You see me flossin', watch me walk upon your face
Make that incision
I leave you itchin' just to join my monster race
Say I'm just messin'
Yea well I'm pissed and I can keep an even key
You think you know me
But you can blow me cause you don't know how I feel

It's Childish Gambino, ho
What you know about that?
Niggas 'fraid to go outside, they some house cats
Cause if they see me, they might have to act right
I'm livin' life right, like I got a past life
Boy I got a flashlight
Check my fuckin' hoodie skin
Like God was makin' light and threw my hoodie in
Bambi, naw nigga that's my pseudonym
Call me Elroy
Nigga we some hooligans
And just in case, I keep a million in the glove box
Blast this shit from in your car to make the hood rock
Ice cold, bright colors, like a juice pop
And if you try to touch my shit I'll make your juice pop
Yes I get a two spot just for fuckin' showin' up
Boy it's me, T.N.T., boy I'm blowin' up
Nigga throw it up
Boy, I am the awesome
Or Mr. "Hey, how much it cost him"

Okay!
Rackin' 'em, stackin' 'em, packin' these ballers
Bleedin' These hoes I carve ‘em with a big carver
Stiff Like Barbara's
I pack a punch like a bunch of starbursts
Back up ma, let me celebrate your suit
Like five toes cuz you gonna get the boot
Like five guys cuz ____________
With my hand on the mic and my mind on the move
Cryin’-on-The-View, Ridin' the wave, I'ma take a step that you bothered to save
I can get crunk in a couple of ways

You know what I'm talkin' bout
What is that? Are you DJ'ing over there?
Just a little loopy-loop
For the streets
For the streets, uh, ha, let me see what I got
Uh, uh-no-no-no, yeah, Rosenberg, umm
I've been grindin' my whole life, fam
Yeah, let me see, yeah, uh

I was in a coma but I stayed with ya
I'll be right by your side
Radio play me that new "3005"
Murder everything I touch but I don't know why
Turn it up, who is this? Shots at your fitty
Are we not young God? is this not black excellence?
Gam-B, y'all ain't got shh on me
Man, I'm so fly like XYZ
You are such a poser, you ain't never heard of this
Nigga, sit down, he can't stand me
This is for my niggas up in Onyx gettin' shitfaced
Took her to a Clippers game, these niggas ain't invited
Man... I thought he was an actor
Royalty, I run the crew, we dem boys

Know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
Yo I got some more, I got some more
Yeah, yeah, let me see
Go in!
I'll-I'm-I'mma try and go in
Uh, um

Motha-fuckin' right, we the niggas huffin' OG
'Cause I'm never really there and she tired of it
Who spits so much fire that you a God-damned liar
Mothafucka, I'm ill
I'm on my jock 'cause I don't need these hoes
'Cause they girl is a fan and they really love us?
No behind closed doors

Childish Gambino, HOT 97, um
Shared a lot of things there
Yeah, I meant 'em though
Are you done, you got everything off your chest?
'Cause you l-you look, y-your eyes are still wandering, so I don't wanna seal all that emotion
I think I s-yeah, I said, I'm l-I said everything I need to say, yeah, yeah

They used to think that I was dumber and dumber
I use to give a rubber
I'm from Australia like 5 Seconds of Summer
These niggas know what I be doing I run with, I run it
Niggas act like they stunting
Niggas know that I am stunting
I hip hop with that OK
Niggas know that I don't play
Niggas know that I come through
Niggas they be like "fuck you!"
Fuck you, I'm like "fuck me?"
Fuck ya girl, fuck ya bitch
Fuck ya girl, hold my dick
All I do is run that shit
Ah la la la I oh
I still get that dough
These nigga know, know, know
These niggas don't even know?
I be surfing off the Gold Coast looking like a roller coaster
Niggas like a goal post
And all I do is sing
I got this million dollar bet, Steven, speak out the name

These bitches love me to death
You know that we fresh
I can't do culture can't stop my ass
These niggas know that we mean, royalty be the team
Smokin' that hella green, spending a lot of cream
You that I'm a dream guy, a dream girl
Nah, I don't sleep never, my weed light like a fuckin' feather
In Sydney I know I have to come with my own shit, 'cuz you shit don't smoke
I'm sorry, I'm keepin' it real
Royalty the shit put your hands up
If you that Gambino is the shit, put your hands up

You niggas think that I'mma ride
All I do is do it inside, keep it inside
I'm the best rapper, definitely top 5
If these other rappers think they boy they fuckin' not alive
I cut their head off, that's every rapper living
That's Kendrick, that's Drake, that's Schoolboy, that's everyone
These niggas think I'm bigger, uh
God damn, motherfucker, I'm ill
All I do is freestyle, take a fuckin' pill
'Cuz you about to be sick, nigga I'm so sick
I came in your girls face, she don't know what got hit
She gotta close her eyes, she gotta close her eyes
"Donald Glover, why you cum in my eye?"
I'm like "sorry boo, I gotta come up inside"

Gin in my cup, so I ain't so sober
Girl on my dick, call me Cassanova
Ribs are broken, My name is Oprah
My girl talk too but she deal in chocha.'
Got the gold top like I'm one of the Brady's
Birthday shit on the side, get that quick Mercedes

'Scuse me ladies! I know you wanna shoot me
Like my name's Jay Brady, but the cameras pay me
I wanna eat good Iike Rachel Ray
Pop tags on shoes on the 8th of May
My voice too high 'sposed to hold me back
They say the same fucking thing cause I'm young and black

Opposites attract
So not far from me is white dude with low voice and no money
Who gives a fuck if my voice sound funny
Fuck friends, I got me a bi-buddy
I'm true life Iike I'm MTV
Hollywood like a six time three

I been goin' so crisp, get dressed in a fly ass t-shirt
Nike so tight they make your fuckin' feet hurt
Jealous ass niggas when they see you rollin'
Same motherfucker on Ceezie’s scrotum
My sneeks so bright, and my girls so thick
Money so big call me Ceezie's dick

I shine so bright they should call me sunlight
Call me punk rock cause my jeans is too tight
Diesel boo boo, Michael jacket
Got one e'ry week. It's a nasty habit
Day eights and up, that my standard
Show 'em who's boss like Tony Danza
Take it across state get the nasty plate
With my bootleg sex, why masturbate
It's the dude from the hood that you love to hate
Cause I got new shoes and I love to skate
Me and Lupe got it kick push
To show these pussy ass niggas why we fuck they bush
I used to have to sweep floors just to make the ends meet
The ends meetin' like a motherfucker. Ain't that sweet?
Why I'm deep with the kids like Phish on myspace
Now I'm on your fish scales like I hang with Ghostface
They say black don't crack, except for Whitney
My shit don't crack, I fall off like Britney
To put it simply, I lose my balance
Cause I got a pink drink and it makes me tipsy
Live the high life, make the full price
You want my advice to get the five mics
You wanna put them fake ass guns away
Nah, I'm just kiddin' nigga, you ain't got a chance anyway

Dude wit a hoodie and hair in cornrows
With a dick size bigger than niggas in pornos
That satisfy cause they know that I care physically
I walk inside the party and know im the man instantly
I hate bars, I can't stand the clubs neither
I'm not dancing I'm fucking having a seizure
A lyrical legend lately lot a punks wish they
Got that ice needed for niggas to call them pimps; bull shit
I bite niggas heads off call me alligator
I wear bright clothes like a pack of now and laters
My hood is darth vader, cuz thats my light saber
And my golf socks will probably make your eyes dilated
Pimp juice concentrated, my swagger fresh squeezed
And them haters can't stand it cause they got weak knees
Treat banks like restaurants pass the cheese please
Get like me
Get get like me

My flow is retarded, call me Rainman
Cuz I make it rain man!
My hoodie print bright like a fucking toucan!
What's the frequency ken?
Kicking it with french girls like the can-can
We can be friends, call me Adam
Cuz I am the man
Let me put it like this
Rapping ain't easy, there's only me and weezy, and jeezy, kanyeeze
Boys wanna be me, but my swaggers off the heezy
Call me crime mob
I run the big apple like my names Steve Jobs
My shoes custom made, white top bright green
My pants top shelf so I call em' high jeans
My clock is sick like the hospital
So if you somebody vomit in the street I'm probably responsible
If I got some extra dough, I buy these kids a bunch of ice creams
Not the food, but the shoes so they walking down the street like

If we met bet it would be awkward
Break out the Sudafed, cause the flow cold like a SoCo
I was smoking John Lennon with my Yoko
I'mma show we the illest
Got my grandma to kill it
I'm in the mood so you feel it
I'm in the the mood so we ball out
Got the top down in the back, we could fall out
MENSA, we that Tony Danza
Lying on my rug, bitch you know that shit expensive
I'm on that Willy Wonka, green so Tonka
Vape so good, I ain't gotta smoke blanca
Nigga, I'm a monster, fuck it I'm a mon-star
Man I got this beat, I'm going HAM like a cop car

People say I'm crazy, I'm loony, I'm psycho
I like it
I got my shit checked like Nike
Doctor said he'd never seen anything like me
Chances of recovery are nil to not likely
Boy so crazy make your baby mama look sane
Kicking thoughts around like he got a loose brain
I got a whiskey sour, sober
Until I fall down like it's mid-October
Young young Hova
Boy I say, for goodness sake
I'm in my prime like I'm standing on my dinner plate
You niggas innerspace cause you come up Martin Short
I'm so fly I don't need a right wing from Drudge Report

Ah! Stay wildin' like me!
My name Bam-B!

People say I'm angry
But if you're happy, you're crazy
I'm violent, so I've got a blue belt from Renzo Gracie
Read the news today, oh boy, some kids are dead
Pulled the covers over my head and went straight back to bed
Cause even my good days are generally bad
At my happiest, I'm just slightly less sad
And I get mad if you're glad to be alive
Cause I had a chance at a happy life
Good mom, good dad
Seriously trust me, you wouldn't wanna be me
The best days of my life involve leftovers and TV
I got almost no friends and I don't know how to handle this
Even the friends I do got are all moving to Los Angeles
Even I'm tired of my whining
Even I don't want no more of me
I whine more than a 3-year old multiplied by Morrisey
Every time I meet someone who wants to be my friend
The first thought that I have is, "Yo what the fuck is wrong with them?"
I go through life with my fists up
But trust me my fists are all
Full of handfuls of Wellbutrin and Risperdal
I'm depressed y'all
Help

I'm good with the N
No not the Nina
Mean I'm good with the hammer so I'll fix your broke heater
And not your bro Keeter
I don't tote guns
I never had white so I never needed one
And the hood respect me, I rose from the ashes
They call me the phoenix in the clear rim glasses
They saw me work with all that work
Now I got my own enterprise, call me Kirk
And I'm born on an air force base, so I'm fly
Move out to Decatur, that's Atlanta's Bed-Stuy
I got that pink like pussy
Got that pussy day and night so they call me Kid Cudi
Bitch!

CG, Bambi
Ok, put your lightsaber hoodie up

Why's everybody tryin' to bite my shit
Everybody tryin' to bite my shit
They tryin' to bite shit
If you don't like it, you can suck my dick, nigga

I like the ass in the way
I got jeans like Billie like Holiday
This shit fade like Hardaway
Fuck around with niggas get clocked like a cartier
Bitch, close your mouth
Nigga, I'm so clean, but I'm from the South
Nigga, I eat cats, my name is ALF
Girls don't got drugs but they assin' out
These dudes shook like an asscrack
And when things go down like the NASDAQ
Shit, I still run it like a lab rat
These dudes beggin' like, "Baby, can I have that?"
I don't got sponsors
So check for Nicktoons because Aahhh! Real Monsters
I'm a real monster, I got a home for these creatures like Foster
That's another cartoon, mama
You know I spit silly shit like a sick llama
You know these girls crave drama
I ain't the one, I'm a drop Ralph Fiennes on you
I'm at the beach in a phantom
I'm full house cause my DJ Tanner
Shine bright, got money, Green Lantern
I pay a dude to hold my shit like pampers
Shine bright like the sun, no Sanford
And my shit go spread like cancer
At my show, yo, my girls ain't dancing
They're too busy saying, "He's so handsome"

I used to play the fool all by myself
It used to make me feel real good
I used to eat my food all by myself
I used to do the dishes too
I used to break your heart all by myself
I used to be the only one around

Be yourself, there's no understanding something that happened that night
Be yourself, there's no understanding, no no no
There is no understanding, no

Be yourself, there's no understanding, no
There is no understanding
No understanding what happened that night, baby
Oh, there is no
With you, with you

All i do is see bars, u should
Handcuff 'em
Screamin "jesus" while i'm in
Her, that's the second cumin...

...i'm going to hell

The DEEP WEB TOUR started

We talked about getting a tour pet.  stefan is unofficially the tour pet

It’s very cool to see people use the DEEP WEB app. people draw dicks and swastikas

“you’re gonna miss every moment of this…of everything.”

Someone put girl scout cookies in the freezer. hot damn

UNOFFICIAL BUS PLAYLIST

Nothin important than money – young scooter
Fall in love – phantagram
This song i’ve been working on when im given a moment – me
What you won’t do for love – bobby caldwell
Stranger in moscow – tame impala
This song she hasn’t released yet, but it’s really good - jean deaux

We stand there for a sec
we would never

I'll be right by your side...
Until 30058797214379100
i make sense
That's my angle

Rush Hour is playing on the bus TV
They're different things entirely
We talk until it's stupid...

Girl show your wobble out
I'm not Queen Latifah but I set it off
I'm lookin like a tight rainbow, Kangols
Got my blue roos
Lookin' like candy so I'm goodie two shoes
Call me Sproose Goose cause my clothes so fly
I'm not Howard Hughes, but I'm not a sane guy
I'm a Big Mac, you just a small fry
Tryin' so hard to get that swagger like mine
I got them steps on my head I guess my mind wanders
Try to emulate my lifestyle like condoms
I'm fly on the mic, I'm fly as a DJ
I keep a thick chick on the wire like Wee-Bey
He say she say that I'm so handsome
And play keep away from his girl like ransom
Sorry that your girls all heroes like Sylar
You know I'm from the south, I stay dirty like Tyler

So sick wit it that they call me Ebola

My boom box handy, blastin' that stink
You can Marcus like Camby they call me the Tech
Cause nobody can touch me, I'm fire with a fade
I ain't a lazy boy but I'm always gettin laid
I'm jack of all trades I can do no wrong
I make a huge fart and it sound like a song
I talk jibber jabber and it comes out words
I shit out diamonds, you flossin my turds
I don't like ice...a little bit of gold and I'm nice
The Cool Kids understand my plight
I'm a simple Sam, I'm only sick wit it cause that's who I am
I keep that shit slick like my name was Pam
And even if I didn't
I'd be the flyest nigga drivin' around in a Civic
And for those who didn't get it you should play it back
I'm sick like a dog on crack, for realer

My flow like Hawk Jones
The little bitty one
Hit me on my iPhone
You can text me when I'm done
I'm sicker than your grandparents honey
I'm sicker than that bitch at the end of Ben Button
Your mix tapes mean nothing
I put out albums in a week
Eat these other rappers rhymes
That is why my breath stink
You get fucked like nymphos
These clothes make niggas roll up their windows
These frito banditos
Cause they're like chips
Cause they talk shit see me then dip
These niggas round here
They don't let your tongue slip
Send you black and blue
Like you an African crip
My green like a weird watermelon
No seeds
And my green like a weird watermelon
All leaves
My green don't fit in my white skinny jeans
Cause I move anywhere
So I guess I'm the queen

Yes yes I'm so Hawk Jonesx3
Yes yes Andre show em how its done

Whoever wanna climb this beanstalk
Is gonna find me
No I'm not a giant
But my name is An-dree
Oops I meant Andree
Add an extra “e” and the accent mark
Yes it’s Dree not Dreeeeee
He's so confused cause he thought I was a boy
Well I got two Mounds but no Almond Joy
And all these fools wanna taste my cream
Infatuation thick like a slab of good brie
Infatuation real all they think of is me
Yes all these fucking charlies got a lactose disease
But they not intolerant
They daydream more than moderate
It's just not a meal until you sprinkle Parmesan on it
It's just not a get until you give all you got on it
It's just not a cock until you pumpin' all of your heart in it
Look at him staring at my lips
Ain't they thicker than a pair of African hips
I thought we was friends
But he think we gone kiss
Here he comes leaning in
He swing he miss
How's it feel to taste a mouthful of air yes
How's it feel to kiss me knowing I am not there

Boy I need a censor
Boy you need a mentor
These boys need to be lead
Like they're two pencils
Yes I'm a black nerd
It's that simply
Call me poindexter
Or the black Ed Grimly
Girl attitude stay stank like kimchi
But she ain't Korean and her boy ain't friendly
Turn your girls that are friends to fuck buddies
Keep em on the wire
That's why I cuddy
And every girl that I'm friends with wants to fuck
That's why she waits till I'm drunk
Then she runs amok
Guess boy my name's an aphrodisiac
Yes boy at the hotel's where I leave em at
I am Animaniac cause I'm so wacko
Better warn a brother when you see a chick act ho
And even if she's so Angel that she's on Bones
No girl is so fly to fuck with Hawk Jones

Yes yes I'm so Hawk Jones x3
So why don't these motherfuckers just leave me alone

Ugh, no excuses or apologies
Ain't no way in hell they ain't goin say the I embody this
Let em know
No excuses or apologies
I be killing every nigga breathing

Fandango my mandingo
We should do a movie
Groupies looking like the yakuza in my Jacuzzi
Excuze me I'm on the ooie
My pockets on life with louie
Euros is different colours my wallet look like a coogi
He who speaking the least is chief keepin the peace
Leaving seeds in your niece
Praying that she ain't late
Spraying like that AK
Now that shit my namesake
Bino you so nasty
Ass like an ash tray
I'm smoking Larry Lotus
Used to be Jehovahs
I'm in your girl and now she feeling polish like perogies
They hoping that they smoke us
Nah dude never that
Tripping off that earwax, Danny Brown and D-Stacks
Midas is your hienus and you haribo like gummy bears
Why I'm fly like cockpit you no fly like ostrich
Stupid shit like a moshpit
Can't believe this is toxic

Ain't goin say that I embody this
You ain't goin say that I embody this
Mutha fucka let em know
You ain't say that I embody this
Mutha fucka tell this mutha fucka dat ain't know

Now my shit has got them dancing like a baby Oakenfold
This kid named Vincent wanna take my shirt and lay me out
Go ahead, laugh it up
Now they see me, have to squint like Asians
Cause I'm too bright like an old night light
When I do not talk, I am being polite
Rap all night
Act all day
Mama so scared 'imma waste away
I gotta do me like I'm jerkin' to a mirror
To every kid in a world full of pain
Please give a listen to this song and my name
Man, I just killed this

I got skinny jeans on, so I got my swagger
I got new kicks and embarrass my niggas
A skinny tattoo with a paintball space
So a nigga got bounce like a pinball game
I got housewives like my name was Bravo
The dude is Bueller, the world Chicago
I'm hard to follow, ya boy's sick
I'm Adam Sandler so fuck ya clique
I hang with dogs like Michael Vick
And ya girls get wet like a glass of quick
Cause your boy stay fresh like a bunch of mints
And I fight this flow like a pacifist
A barrel of monkeys, a house of chimps
I'm way more fun than your boyfriend is
He need new jeans like a accident
Cause your boy right here where the action is, ah!

Don't talk about it
You can live without it
You don't even need to go down ?
Cause you were hollerin', hollerin' "Oh!"
Hollerin', hollerin' "Oh!"
Hollerin', hollerin' "Oh!" girl

I said these niggas mad at me like Baby Mammas
These niggas slept on me like old pajamas
You niggas stay soft like Jon Secada
And this nigga stay lit like a candelabra
And even if I didn't have a million dollars
I would still have cream like Beard Papa
Girl I ain't playin' I'll treat ya proper
I got no limits like Silkk the Shocker
You look too sweet like Betty Crocker
You could ride in the front, you could meet my partner
My boy in the back, you could meet my partner
But he ain't got a girl so you should bring your partner
Ya boy got books like he made of lockers
The girl got legs like a pair of Dockers
Tito chip like empinadas
You should shake that shit 'til you got maracas

If we're together
Can do whatever
I'll make sure that you're close to me
Cause baby girl it's a fantasy
As long as you are here with me tonight

Cause I want ya
Cause I need ya girl
Cause I need ya girl, yeah

Hey all

This also helps the discussion, allowing us to collaborate on this analysis

It's the kid with the voice
Hipster kids are like "fuckin' NOICE!!"
"How the fuck did he do this shit?!"
"This song's been out for like fifteen minutes"
Yeah I did it
Mr. Incredible, when everybody's special, no one is
So I guess I'm So Much Better
That's my song like girls with tight sweaters, get it?
That one's for the fans, purell on my hands
This nigga stay dirty like two trash cans
I'm Dope in white hoods not Ku Klux Klan
I'm Dope in black hoods not the Dope Man, That cocaine
You don't even know me like Steve Urkel
That was a prototype, now I'm flexin', like the radio
And I used to be Slim like Shady, though
Now I'm so fat, that's a true fact
Got balls like I grew a new nut sack
Girls go nuts when I drive by
Gotta hide my dick, Lady GaGa
It's a Bug's Life for these other guys
I'm a giant, I don't compromise
Been down with these dudes like a comforter
Only direction to go, then, is Up for me
I do not talk, I'm a rapper
Beat rapist, I attack it
And this rap game? It's a racket
And these fake dudes still tryna crack it
Do Pixar, do your own thing
Then get signed by Disney
It's hard work, but it's easy
In other words, just be me
Love life so bad I would die for it
And I wouldn't trade an eye for an eye for it
Hip Hop's little brother, on top but undercover
With a girl and we see each other
But we don't date, there's a difference
Cause I don't get gifts like Christmas
Bambi is the man of the hour
The decade
The century
The millenium

I'm so drunk tonight and I
I don't got nowhere to go

I'm trying to hold my liquor
A vomit stain on my t-shirt
A sick boy but getting sicker
I don't really wanna take another marijuana
But I do it 'cause I'm stupid and it hits me I'm a goner

He stood in front of me
Everything that I was and what I wanna be
Shots fired, over a hundred G's
And if it wasn't be you, then who's it gonna be?
I'm out in New York with my hand on the phone
With a message to my Grammy saying "Man I'm so home"
I'm so home, I'm so grown ass man
But is it worth it?
Black man no perfect, white man no perfect
Praise his name, the hole blows sound, so sharp shit
That's why a nigga proceed straight from Kirkland
A million leaders just millimeters from grabbing heaters
I couldn't leave 'em, to call up my cousin had to believe him
Just to bow down
But we don't see each other, yeah I'm fine now
But I don't know my mother, she left me
America my foster care
I tried to get a hold of her, but I lost the trail
Tried to get her phone number but my pops in jail
I'm posted up on corners with rocks in hand
My big brother taught me how to go and move how a crook move
"Walk tall in the streets, don't be shook, dude"
This is our home, it might be broken but it's still good
You might be joking but you're still hood
They think they know you but they don't
They wanna own you but they won't
They wanna say "nigga, what's up?" Woah
We're not there yet, but I hear you whisper through the air vents

Yeah dude this money is overflowin'
Dude is a G6 and I'll I'm knowing is Boeing
I'm going, shinning crazy, I'm on a roll like photos
White collar problems; Polos
Do indie girls like to take pictures of dead leaves?
Yes, I guess I'm young and handsome
I spread girls like cancer
Fans screaming, they telling me that it's not enough
I go crazy on the beat; tiger blood
These other rappers are comedians
Thick women, I like my girls a little chunky
Yeah, let me show you what it's all about
Let me show you what it's all about

White girls like it here, girl talk
Black girls even like girl talk
Latino girls? Girl talk
Yeah, let me talk, girl talk
Yeah, white girls, girl talk
Yeah, black girls, girl talk
Yeah, Latino girls, girl talk
Yeah, they all like girl talk

All right, all right. Um, alright. We can all freestyle. I'm sorry

Kingdom Animalia, Phylum Chordata
The Class is Mamalia, 'cos boobies, we gotta

Order is Primate, Family Hominidae
The genus is Homo, but you know you're into me

Because I am in the species known as Sapien
Dogs used to eat me, but now they bring the paper in

It's going to take a lot to get me away from you
There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do

I bless the rains down in Africa X3

So now you are reading this. This means you have probably seen my first post. If not go back and read it before reading this one

~The Alien Theorist

I’m so official, all I need is a whistle
All I need is a whistle

Said I’m so official, all I need is a whistle
I stole that line from Wheezy and Lil’ Drizzle
And yes, it’s the nigga with the Care Bear kizzles
And fuck what’chu heard, I don’t even care a little
It’s the B to the izzle, niggas can’t see me
Fresh like a baby
Sick like a preemie
Girls double team me - blow me in the parking lot
I used to get fucked over and now I only fuck a lot
I love being nerdy, these niggas shop at Wal-Mart
I shop so I mall cop, call a nigga Paul Blart
I’ma have a drug fart, meaning that my shit’s dope
Nigga in a bow-tie - that’s my fuckin’ kinfolk
Girls used to say, “Nope!” - like they watch P&R
Now they say yes because I’m on before P&R
Yes, my European car speaks for itself
I don’t wear that fuckin’ jewelry, it’s bad for your health
See, where I come from, they would hit you where you’re walkin’
Rip your fuckin’ chain off, leave you in a coffin
Stay Stone Mountain
Nigga, where my hood at?
Niggas say, “You it!” when you drinkin’ with a hoodrat
Boy, the beat’s so sick, thank you mc DJ!
Chillin’ on my sofa watchin’ Venture Bros. Blu-rays
Niggas gettin’ mad because I’m flyer than a Blue Jay
Rappin’ and on tv like a nigga LL Cool J
Call you on a Tuesday, fuck you like it’s Friday
I don’t run no drains, bitch, call my shit the highway
Blacker than Mugabe, Whiter than the album
I guess I’m in the middle, so call a nigga Malcolm
You don’t need to help him
DIY - do it yourself, nigga don’t try
“Please, just do it!” The girl sound Nike
Guess that’s the reason why these niggas don’t like me
Girls I don’t know give my penis oral hygiene
My dick plays the field like my dick won a Heisman
Niggas talkin’ shit and that shit don’t surprise me
And I’m so official, got a badge and a nightstick

- I'll bet you he gets his kicks giving old ladies the heebie-jeebies

Nigga blew up and he didn’t need a missile
“He tryin’ too hard.” Homie, this my hobby!
I do this on vacation, rappin’ is my golfin’
Young Young Hova, lil’ Lil’ Wheezy
Dress the turd up slutty, make the shit look easy, uh
I’m the choreographer -
‘cause I’m making moves and you niggas just follow ‘em, uh!
Elroy made a funny on you slow ones
Yes, my name is Childish, but you guys are children
How’s it fucking feel man, being so on fire?
Stepping on these short guys like I’m in The Shire
I am slow Orlando, oops, late bloomer
Money comes quick, but the girls come sooner
Opposite gay victim, meaning straight shooter
I’m fuckin’ in yo redneck, I’m diggin’ in your cooter, yes
Who told them I was so dope?
Rapping’s a religion, and nigga I’m the provost
I don’t even know those other guys telling me they know my little cousin Lindsay
Nigga, I’m busy
Um, that’s it though, angry like a pitbull
Talkin’ like it’s hard work. Nigga, this is simple
Shout out to black nerds, shout out to white ones
Shout out to Asians, keep playin’ Street Fighter
Shout out to nerd chicks in glasses, sweeter than cinnamon
Me and Sick Boi are synonyms
People hear my voice and say, “What happened to Eminem?!
This shit is absurd! He’s saying the n-word!”
Naw, it’s just Bam-B. The nigga that’s crazy for giving shit free
And fuck iTunes, I’m doin’ it OG
And girls love my dick like a song that’s on Glee
Nigga, call me Elroy - because I’m so high
That you cannot measure, I’m losing cabin pressure
Got drive like a brand new Volvo
I’m so official, I’m the Foot Locker logo, nigga

The Boy stares. Then types “fuck u niggers” in the comments

Starter cap bro, gone with the hologram
I'm in a rich folk's home like a ottoman
I got green in my hand like a Heineken
I'm throwback like a Flinstone's Vitamin
I'm fire! All I need is the brimstone
I make noise in the streets like a ringtone
My top's hot, so I'm gettin my fade low
I make movies with my lover like J-Lo
I'm living so shiny, ya boy on top
My life on track, a nigga can't stop
I'm Weird like Al, I'm strange like love
I wear hot pink cause it fit like glove
I'm easy on the eyes; I'm hard on a hater
My hoodie lightsaber, like Darth Vader
I'm always with a chick cause a nigga so sick
Need an Entourage quick so you can hug it out bitch

Oh yeah oh ye oh oh y, oh yeah oh ye, oh oh oh yeah oh ye, oh-oh oh
Oh yeah oh ye oh oh y, oh yeah oh ye, oh oh oh yeah oh y, oh oh y
Oh yeah oh yeah oh oh oh yeah oh y-bring the beat back

I'm so fresh like a Sick Boi oughta be
I'm not tryin that shit, just a part of me
I'm easy, like a Sunday morning
I go to rap battles and I end up yawning
I'm fresh like TexMex in Arizona
Got my gold on forever like my name Ramona
I can't be a loser, the shit don't suit me
A nigga Joe Cool and you niggas just Snoopy!
You can go sue me, try to do outdo me
I look so fresh that I killed George Clooney
I guess you can call me the perfect storm
I'm the reason why your new baby brother was born
A nigga so tore call me Natalie
Cause I love making music but they mad at me
I make money, blow shows like a syndicate
I'mma be who I gotta be, that's the epithet

Well, it's a beautiful night
We're looking for something dumb to do
Hey baby
I think I want to marry you
Is it the look in your eyes
Or is it this dancing juice?
Who cares baby
I think I wanna marry you

Well I know at little chapel by the boulevard that we can go
No one will know oh oh oh
Come on, girl
Who cares if we're trashed, got a pocket full of cash we can blow
Shots of patron
And it's on, girl

Don't say no, no, no, no-no
Just say yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah
And we'll go, go, go, go-go
If you're ready, like I'm ready

Cause it's a beautiful night

I'll go get a ring let the choir bells sing like oh
So what you want to do?
Let's just run girl

This kind of emphasises the point about THE BOY not really knowing his place in life

Eventually all my followers realize they don’t need a leader
Just remember that you the shit, but act like it don’t stink

I just get the information retweeted or say it sucks

I think this is the best theory for what Roscoe’s Wetsuit is. That or THE BOY is actually called Roscoe and his wetsuit is fucking dope

How's it going Sesame Street?
How great is this?
The greatest

Sometimes you got a problem, the kind you can't erase
Sometimes it jumps up and slaps you in the face
Don't run around in circles, don't scream and shout
Just put your heads together and figure it out

Figure it out, baby figure it out
Don't run around in circles, don't scream and don't shout

Sometimes the problem's easy, you solve it right away
Sometimes the problem's tricky, you work it all day
But either way you think it through, that's what it's all about
You put your heads together and figure it out

THE BOY’s answer relates to something that happens at a later point, so I’ll come back to this

This song was made so you can rave in suburban houses
Or college dorms, any party without a bouncer
So drink yourself into oblivion
I'mma be up in the corner trying to mac on this girl named Vivian
I love parties where people don't have to pay
And have to scream loud so you can communicate
Prude girls who are sweeter than Betty Crocker
Will usually loosen up with a bottle of Johnnie Walker
So take totes and quotes from me, charming
I get more ass than toilet seats and mule farmers
I'm screaming so loud, I'm popping the top of the Marylin
And strapping a bomb to your favorite neighborhood terrorist
Lesson one, always pretend you're listening
So if she tries to tell a quote, try and finish it
This way she'll think it's destined to be
Then she's stripping off clothes and showing anatomy
Bad at me, wants me to call her up again
Even though when I was talking I was thinking about her friend
So you can call me an asshole if you want
I talk shit, so all of my shit comes out the front

Move it if you wanna get it
Move it if you wanna-
Mo-Mo-Move it if you wanna get it
If you wanna wanna, mo-mo
If you wanna wanna, wa-wanna
If you wanna get it, get it

Please text me, text me, and emoji me
Text me, just want emoji, just so I can see what you thinking
I don't know what you thinking
I texted you like five hours ago and I don't know what you thinking
Do you hate me? Do you love me? Do you think I'm stupid?
Are you saying we should be together; we should move in together?
Or should you say you have my babies?
And be my baby mama, I fell in love with you to be my baby mama
From a like a day and a half
I needed you when I asked
I'm grabbing you after class
We dancing together, we used to go out like every single Friday
Kissing you in your mouth, we make out in the hallway
I'm so in love with you
I think about you every day I'm so in love with you
Ain't no one above you
Ain't nobody telling me I'm acting like I'm feeling
When I'm freestlying out my mouth, and I don't know what to say
Every time I see your face, I don't know what to say
A lot of girls in the audience think I'm talking about Jhene
Get it together my head, I'm doing what I'm doing
Screwing up from the top, man I'd like to make you mine

But, you're so far away
So far away
No no

I be looking with a flashlight
Especially if cute with her ass right
I met her at the Drexel, spread it like a pretzel
You know Steve is the best though
Move it like I normally do
My crew, we so sick like we all had the Flu
That's swine, you know I be taking my time
With a hat to the front that's cool, or glasses
You know me, I skip classes
But I'm still high, like high school
Still so fly, like flight school
I'm a young jet, plus a young vet
Royalty forever

Every time I see you girl, you're so far away

Bring it down for a second
Just bring it down a second
Talk about the movies that we hate
I used to kiss you and be like 'Pete's sake'
For Pete's sake, I got that money in my wallet like a fucking Philly cheese steak
I got a million and a half
They used to tell me I wouldn't get a million and a half
But you knew me back when I ain't have enough to ride the subway
Now you call me all day saying like 'why you saying that them girls or them girls'
I though we supposed to get married when we both turned thirty
And when you said that, that shit really kinda hurt me
Because, I made that promise. I broke that promise
I'm tryna get back, but that's behind us
But now I wanna see exactly where you going, or where you coming
Your boyfriend telling you that you be jamming

You're so far away
If you hold my hand, we can be together forever
But you don't wanna say that no more
You just wanna say I'm on tour
So now I'm sitting here on the floor
Because you're so far away

Yo, ayo but fuck that, you told me not to call you all the time
And now you mad I'm your mind and I'm on your mouth motherfucker, my god
Gonna kick that shit, pop that pop
Gonna get down till that drop
You gonna talk that? Talk that? Talk that shit behind my back?
Told me that I'm not that but I'm on that, and I rock shit
But they know me here, walking around with your hands in the air

I'm so far away

To …

Man made the web, you don’t need a name

I’m gone – now I’m back

Is there a switch between Donald Glover and Childish Gambino on the track?

Waking up in these places I don’t remember
I don’t know who I am anymore

You’re here now. You have to help me
I need you. You have to help me
Please

Is this THE BOY asking for help? If he was shot maybe someone has arrived who can help him? Maybe it’s just Donald/Gambino asking someone for help

Se que has salido sin mi y
Que no me has querido decir y
Que te han visto por ahi
Con otra persona que te hace mentir

Se que no vas a volver y
Que hoy te vas a brillar con quien
Me dijiste una vez
Que no me preocupara que vieras otra vez

Ay, me hiciste esperarte tanto
Y hoy se que el siempre te tuvo a lado
Ay, me hiciste amarte tanto
La intuicion me dice que fuiste un rato

Y ahora quieres volver y crees
Que yo voy a caer
No es necesario explicar
Todas las razones por las que no voy a hacerlo

No se porque regresaste
Es hasta tonto creer
Que voy a dejarte volver
Toma tus maletas que no te quiero ver

Tell me what the faith is, flow is on a wait list
Someone keep that shit shut, all white, no cut
I fucked up but I still came and I still reign like thunder
Everything's been done some, screamin' like we love them
But I still get what I deserve
You live, you learn, you wait your turn and you crush 'em
Fall back, all that, freshmen you're welcome
Still flip with these young hoes, still stunt with these fly clothes
Still rep for that East side where they bang toys like Tyco
I'm busy one percentin', I'm rapper Armageddon
Yo it's Childish, I'm wild, bitch, all white coke like scientist
Stupid busy, fuckin' with your main like a lioness
Nigga scrunch your face up, all we get it queso
All we watch is cartoons, hatin' man, that's all you
Fuckboy, that's all you, say shit when I saw you
Say shit on that online but that's fake beef like dog food
Panic room blue, too soon to be into it
These Silver Lake niggas know hood like a clitoris
Bang, bang, bang, bang, shots fired, A-Town, Empire
What you think we all about? Watchin' bitches trippin' out

“Where's the ground? Where’s the earth? Where's mom?”

She left

This is an important moment

Our human collective unconscious

Our deep web

Gambino

You used to make me feel real good
I used to do the dishes to help
I used to be the only one but now...

Be yourself, there's no understanding
Some day...won't that be the night?
There is no understanding, be yourself

Be yourself...
It is so hard to know
It's so hard to do

We love you Donald

Remember back when we had just met
I was living life on reasons that i could not get
You probably only talked to me cause I was someone new
But you were interested cause it was someone to get you
I think I notice that I could never forget you
I want you to be happy, a break I'mma let you
And I would wait for ya, perfect tale, Hachi
I know you will be back, honest, no dude that can match me
We are perfect, you bring me up, you can't tell me
You can't see us living a life like Carl Fredricksen and Ellie
By all means if you don't get what that means
I am more then a dude who wants to be up in your jeans
But I love that shit, we do it big
Shit I'mma dog for you, its what I dig
But at the moment if this is not what you need
Let me tell you that our love is what people dream of
And of course I love you more then ever

I think you're the reason I feel I'm gettin better
We can fuck till we come to conclusions, you're gettin wetter
I think without you who will watch the sequel of The Purge
Im on the verge of saying that I'm all yours its my word
I do not really know how to get it through to you, you're beautiful
Its crazy when we lay it down all the things I do to you
And I meant that from the bottom of my heart
I think we can do this, why would we need to restart
All for you, I would do it all for you
When you feeling sad who is the dude that be coming through
And I feel that too long, I've been feeling too strong
To let emotions go from you
That's really how I feel wit you
The things we can do
The talks we have and how we're so true
Thats how it is, lets make our own movie
We can be ourselves, honestly you're a real beauty

Call me cool in the game
Because I make it rain
And I'm cool like a fool in the summer
Yes, I need a plumber
Because I make the girls leak
If you don't believe me you go and hear my girl speak
Yeah my dick be perfect
Yeah my dick N'Sync
Call it Justin Timberlake
And I always wear pink
I always make dumb money
The world's Patty Mayonnaise and I'm Doug funny

That I am ready to go
Heartbeat, my heartbeat
Whenever you are around
Can't speak, I can't speak

You thinking that the songs coming on to tempt me

And I'mma flirt with this new girl
And I'mma call if it don't work

'Cause I wanted you to know

Well, two can play that game

'Cause he went and tried out all new condoms

Is the only thing girls want when you in that smokin' light

I read his posts on your wall and I feel sick

I give a fuck about the niggas that you say you hate
You know that I’m the best when I’m a-ffection-ate
J and Keyshia are related, racist

I give you money, then you burn it, like you Madoff

Are we best friends? Are we something in between that?
I wish we never fucked and I mean that

But not really
You say the nastiest shit in bed and it’s fuckin’ awesome

Mustard on the beat ho

You make it hard-for-boy like that to go on

Can you do me a favour bruv?
Could you get the beat up in my headphones please?
Yep, get it up a bit more please, in my headphones
Yeah,  wicked, alright, listen, okay

Listen up, listen Glov, kids and up, give us love
Sick cause ya, click a buzz, in the light, yeah bruv
Whether in cinemas or in the club spittin' fast
In my element like -- in a skinhead bar
Riz is not the type of spitter, to write a bit of shit about the bitches, ice and glitter
I find it limiting, I'd rather print the bigger picture
Them bars are boring like they only pouring pints of bitter
Yes, I'm an actor but I'm realer than most
Won battles and had the best choke, put fear in they throats
Songs banned cause the lines are so bold
I drop science and flow, so the album's called Microscope
And it's rougher than the road to Guantanamo
Switch like bricks on the latch that go from alcohol to powder nose
Sniff up her lips, on the prowl for coke, but the dealer was shifty, sold him a load of panadol
Rappers so fashion school, look like Timmy Mallet do
Mallet you, push your pineapple till you Agadoo
Cause you be layin' backwards as Malibu
Shit's ruthless like Trishner's abusers
Manners are ill -- banks are too rich
Troops dig deep in the Middle East, bruisin' for crude, lootin' black gold for blue chips
But are you, as thin as a toothpick? Through two bricks and a few ticks, gets a few years
We werent blinded by knobs like the -- resign, but hoes a bonus when the dude quits
I got views, make political music, money and gun rappers are sayin' what Fox News is
Get money and buy shit, anybody who tries it should die
Why are rappers so right-wing?
Food for thought, do you avoid diet?
I'm on the Wu-Tang tour so chew on my four tyres
People confuse me for Rooney, no lie
Think I'm the star from 3, but I mean 4 lions

Uh, girls text me after shows, I wanna call 'em all
Got some goons to hold my money, must be ballin' hard
Had a tour, I broke my foot, I had to brawl it off
"I ain't heard nothin' yet, man, Gambino must've fallen off."
Nah, never that, dawg, run it back
Back to chillin' on Memorial and Harrison
Mama, no more Arizona Jeans, that shit's embarrasin', I got a Truffaut jacket and me and my brother sharin' it
Anythin' they hand us, minivans and bandannas
That Wickes voucher stuntin', I think 'bout my cousin
Pyjamas and oatmeal, way you livin' is so real
Need a Nobel prize, for them coke deals, I thought co-tell, right?
Them boys you been fuckin' with, now they busy beefin' cause they see you on some other shit? Not to mention the government
I ain't trynna see you on the first 48
Wonder if God hears when an atheist prays
I don't know what to say, man that better change quick
Women love to spit, love women who swallow you
Makin' me, I won't woo when they mention your album
Pretty girls on the grass with some champagne, all I do is win and make Azealia's last name
Is -- gonna go and make his own lane? Man, I hope so, shit is so cut throat
Brought a knife to a gun show, brought a gun to a bear fight
Grizzly bear screams in my hair when I say "night."
Cause I don't wanna make moves that they all regret, I just wanna make something that they all respect
Go on, let 'em know woo

According to the singer/rapper, he wrote the poem, which he says was “about freedom,” while he was “in the moment.”

My style so sofa cause yea I'm always laid back
Walkin' through the grove with some slippers and a wave cap
My kicks so sick nigga I don't need a Maybach
Summer came early you want your fuckin maid back
Cause I bring the heat nigga this is fuckin payback
Now I'm in LA where I lay at
Talk about heat, nigga, this is where they made that
I know that you digs me but where the fuck is Taye at?
Wow, to think you ignored him
Now I'm in my prime like one of the Transformers
Don't get mad I'm just following orders
To cut down haters and charm all of their daughters

Uh huh, you want me to keep goin?

A style so recliner because I will recline her
In about a half an hour so nigga check your timer
She is sick boy where'd you find her
I love these models slash handbag designers
Calling her a baby like I fuck with big timers
Cause I'm a big timer, got green like Slimer
Yeah, I just might slime her
And I ain't talkin' about the Hi-C drink neither
I'm sick in the worst way
Boy you mess with me it's 'bout to be your birthday
Whoops I meant merc day
Everyday's a work day
I love makin' shit, I don't need a vay-cay
And If you don't see me try my iPhone
Girl you don't know me, best to call Tyrone
Yeah my shit's viral, meanin' that it's internet
All up in your YouTubes, meaning that I'm into that
This a marathon yeah I'm winnin' that
I don't need a break I hate Kit Kat
These boys talk shit like shit chat
And I am the shit, I'm so Ex-lax

Mc DJ
Fuck Yourself!

Cool like a summertime pool in the winter
A nigga on fire, what he have for dinner
I bring home the bacon, call me breadwinner
I beat up the tracks so they call me track killer
Im thee raporilla, I heat like gorillas
So if you don't believe me you feel-a
I gotta get the million dollars
If you don't see me holla
If you tryin' to get then you swallow
I'm high as a kite, I feel fantastic
A girl on my dick so she call me nasty
I gotta make sure that my dick's in plastic
Or else I'm gonna end up inside a casket
Who the fuck's you? They call me Sick Boi
Got the Andre fever, get like Big Boi
If you try to get the kryptonite on me
You're gonna have to D-I-E

The nigga is amazing

I put down the pen, no more writin'
So when I die they can remember me like the Titans
Call Michael Chrichton cause I'm like Congo
If you don't believe me you can suck on my bongo
I used to drive a hondo now I'm on the subway
Now my pocket's thick like that dude from Subway
You can have a hyundai, better yet a milli
I'm not Lil Weezy but my pocket size silly
My wrist not chilly, I only sport Clockers
Got the purple hoody and the purple Gobstoppers
My momma used to tell me I was lost like Chaka
Now I got the yellow truck like my name Tonka
My girlfriend ass stay fit like J-Lo
Girl and my money stay thick like Play Doh
Got to philosophize my mind like Plato
What'd y'all say though?

Nigga I'm blazing
Nigga I'm amazing
Haters on the side line tellin me they hate me
Girls wanna date me, boys think I'm crazy
Girls always chase me like they Chasing Amy
I wanna be the play date, but if you have one
You can call me, on my cell phone
I don't believe it, I don't gotta see it
And if you don't see nothing you can sync up my penis
Women are from Venus, men are from Mars
And I'm walking down the street, while you drivin in cars
Cause I want everybody to see my new kicks
My hat broke off and my hoodie so sick
I used to know this chick, she used to be lame
Now she listen to me, now she usin' her brain
Yo I go to Bellevue cause my flow is insane, man

2011Freaks and Geeks
Bonfire
2012Heartbeat
Fire Fly
2013L.E.S.
V. 3005
Telegraph Ave
2015Sober

Sick boy make moves like a chess piece
I was never worried bout my wallet bein empty
Walkin with my Walkman, freestyle rappin
Nigga off the hook like I fuckin shot the captain

And this is me relaxing, rapping is my hobby
Watchin old episodes of Shining Time Station
C-H-I-L-D it's the ISH man
I've always been this good, you just weren't listening

Imma try to make my street cred stack up
I mean I'm rapping over Grizzly Bear, what the fuck
I make you iPod hotter than a lighter would

You better recognize, cause I'm no better now

I'm wearing tight jeans, and nobody's laughing

This kinda music make your balls drop, Dick Clark
Yes I'm grown and sexy, and I'm worth the wait
We need to separate church and state

East side, Zone 6, where I'm from
Got a couple hundreds I'mma throw 'em like ones
Fuck her with a rubber, I ain't tryna have sons
Nigga mean-mugging, they don't really want none
Fuck it, I'm turnt up, too loud
Ratchet bitches won't do me I'm like "What the hell I'mma do now?"
I'm rich, used to be poor
I don't really trust 'em if I met 'em on tour
Bought a new house livin' on the top floor elevator go bing when you at the front door
I ain't ever do chores, i ain't takin' your trash, i ain't made no beds got a maid with an ass
Put em on blast, i don't give a fuck
Got a bad bitch like she peed on the rug
Yeah i used to live of Candler, in 88 like piano
I put ya girlfriend on camera
I see the future, ciara
Molly all in her champagne, she knew it
Big sean and big moms, i do it
Fuck that bitch with a broken dick, i love my new girl
She don't talk shit she don't act extra
She just give brain and the brain so MENSA
Put her in the game but a nigga might bench her
I don't pay attention, i don't even text her
She wanna talk shit, but damn on our friendship
Fuck you bitch and i hope you're offended; bitch!

Unavailable

Look sharp, homie give yourself a face-lift
Take sips of that Ace of Spades
I'm savin' all my money just to waste on a bracelet
Can't see them haters, we don't give a fuck though
Charge into the game, keep a lame so cut-throat
Travel 'round the globe spendin', make about a hundred G's
Pack them crowds up, Boss like Bowser
Thank god they found us, the game was starvin'
I'm cleanin concrete, you assin' Charmin
Bobby digital, Do you really think these niggas know shit?
Shoppin' in Manhattan and I ran into my old chick
Pride is a bitch, I am not a grown up
Tweetin' when I'm 70 these half dead followers
She look like she spelman, Secretly she hofstra
Put her in the club all she wanna hear is Waka
Put her in the crib all she wanna hear is Waka
She jerk when I move like an old boy popped her
Home is that outcast, Soul is that Fonté
Old school J's like Beyoncé's fiancé
Gave them niggas real shit they don't know what do with it
I did what I did man, did you see it though?
'Bino hard and fast, nigga sweet and low
American royalty, family loyalty
We cream of the crop, why the fuck would we stop?
Yo, she had two sons, both of 'em good grades
Both of 'em rap songs, where did she go wrong?
Man, nowhere mama we just go where the money at
Royalty nigga, where the fuck you niggas at?

Ape shit flow so King Kong, nigga
Can’t talk right now, I’m in Hong Kong, nigga
Sitting on cinnamon, Cocoa Brown
Wanna be me, but they don’t know how; so profound
Who cares what they be on, I’m in the sun with aviators
I’m my favorite song, I came to ball
And aim at y’all, you know the semi-automatic with no safety on
Alright? Bow down, my ladies want a shout out
Ass backwards, chris-cross
These niggas making it dusty
‘Cause I’m aiming at you like I just sneezed…

What the fuck do y'all niggas really want?
And niggas keep asking on whether this dude's for real or not
I'm not trying to come hard, I'm trying to come me
That's why these older songs that I used to make I'd release free
What's the point of rap if you can't be yourself, huh?
That's why I come first like my cell phone
I'm a role model, I am not these other guys
I know it's dumb, that's the fucking reason I'm doing it
'Cause sometimes that stupid shit is real shit
Like when you make out with your best friend's baby sis
And kiss her while she's sleeping and sneak out the front to catch a flight
That's not life, dude
'Cause I ain't Mumford, I ain't tryin' to have sons
I ain't the coolest but I know I got passion

I really wanna do right and it doesn't matter
We've got all the shine we need to find
"Baby, I'm okay." She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?"
I said, "Baby, I'm okay." She said, "Why you gotta act so strange?"

Am I serious? I don't even know
I ain't trying, I'm doing, these other rappers are foolish
I got fame, my A&R's a computer
Who wears short-shorts and makes jokes sometimes?
My nigga like, "I'd get you MTV if I could, man
But Pitchfork only likes rappers who crazy or hood, man"
I ain't Curren$y, but if there ain't money in my name please murder me
My mom loves to text me Psalm verses
She don't look at me like I'm the same person
And I don't want them missing a son like Bone's last name
I drink whiskey till I'm grounded, no TV
And walk in with No I.D. and no I.D

Where are they from?
We were playing Playstation

You are the prototype
I love you like you love your photo likes
When you post your life
Some of these hoes just wanna Instagram me
You out here trying to win you an Instagrammy
Instant pancakes in the morning
Aunt Jemima try to Andre Benjamin me
I'm sorry Ms. Jackson, but your daughter do dicks
Wouldn't be my old bitch if you taught her new tricks
But she do do the one thing, with her tongue ring
When she bust like a gun range
I had a couple pics, record her out her panties
But, that's just chump change
She the type of bitch that loves to say she's mixed
But when she say the roster she always say "Black last"
You know what it is and you know who it is
I love you with your black ass
Everything that you did mean everything
You—my bitch did everything
All you needed was some dick, shorty

I stay on Ice like my name was Disney
Naw, I'm ok but my drink is tipsy
Nigga i'm hungry, I rap in my sleep
I eat MCs with a side of beats
My flow ain't cold, but my neck all froze
Call me homies cause the nasty clothes
Christian Doir. Man I made it
The flow so juice like concentrated
Ballin' on a budget 'til my ship came in
Now i'm always on the water like a dorsal fin
Gangsta boo boo, you know the hustler
"boy stop", you know it's paper
I got an upgrade, like basic cable
MY words all slured cause my head unstable
Drugs can't do like Cane and able

Fast
Can a heart shatter?
Before
You're
Walking on splinters
Your head
Aches
Just
To feel what it knows
Please leave the light on when you go

You fix something
That you
Can't
Touch without hurting
Lesson
You've learned
Is leaving you dumb
Please leave the light on when its done

Standing
High above
Floodline
Watching
All your belongings go by
Go home
Go home bye go home
Go by

Watch it fly

You see the ending
When you're lost
At the beginning
The day takes all that the night left behind
Please leave the light on when it dies

Yeah, alright
And have to scream loud so you could communicate
Prude girls that are sweeter than Betty Crocker
Usually loosen up with a bottle of Johnny Walker
So take totes and quotes from me, the charmer
Lesson 1, always pretend you're listening
So if she starts to say a quote, try and finish it
This way, she'll think you're destined to be and then she stripping off clothes and showing anatomy
The bad in me, wants me to call her up again
But I talk shit, so all of my shit comes out the front

Girl

I...
Love you
Cause I love you
Don't You Know?

Dont you know?

Cause I love...

Don't you know?

Girl...

I got eight figures like I'm skatin' in the winter
Niggas thought that I was kiddin'
I'm a sick boy, nigga, when I cough I hope you catch it
My germs in your system, now you coughin' like asthmatic
All of my "I'm tired of it" turns into your "Wish I had it"
I don't need this money, but I spend it like I wanna
She said this dick is hers, I don't wanna take it from her

Your dick stay chilly, it's a cold, rough world
Yo nigga is Geppetto, I don't want no instrumentals
Like the song givin' me head
And your bitch can't sleep cause she used to my bed
Schoolin' all you niggas and my mouth will make it Columbine
I am just a rapper, man, I ain't got no clothing line
Yo boy got stacks like I'm standin' in a Borders line
Hidin' from you bitches cause real nigga's hard to find
This money make me Olsen twins, you call your bitch, you hearin' this

Yes it's necessary to be flier than canaries
Eat her out and leave her cold, make that hole my Ben & Jerry's
You are not a rapper, if you were you'd hardly speak
I am Stone Mountain and I haven't reached my peak
Fuck her like I'm mad at her then I turn the other cheek

This shit is amazing, check me in my sweater, man
When it comes to pussy girls whisper in my ear "No one else can do this to me"
You's a cutie but you gotta know I'm married to my work
And these niggas ain't shit so I guess they must be urine
I'mma act and rap, Will Smith this bitch
When rappers start rappin' over indie shit
The difference is I'm different, bitch
How the fuck can these niggas be dickless pricks?
Man, what the fuck you gon' do?
I don't need to talk to you

Royalty my partner them
No one else might partner them
Slide up in them DMs, young nigga didn't even notice, I'm focused
I'm the man of the hour, play me on power
Play me on hot, nigga I'm hot, nigga don't stop
Haters so made he ain't even know why, probably all the autonomy
Father your feelings are proud of me, head was so good it's psychology
God damn, I'm justing being who I am
Man this beat is going so HAM, flow been burr since Novem
Chain been burr since Novem, that means cold, I'm just sayin', we ain't playin'
You niggas on those Hunger Games, I eat them O's like onion rings
Gettin' hype like that little girl whose like

These guys aren't tough and stuff
But the chips are down, cause i put them there
And i got a Hot Chip like the indie band
And the only goal that i have is my Emmy bitch
Yes and a nigga stay down like i'm into this
These niggas never did shit different, i was tired of it
See the other side of it, hate how they say how
Hip-hop is dead and everybody is the same now
I am not the same, how could i ever be?
And i go hard like G-O in bold face
Used to do me cause i had to, now a nigga like to
Cause i get cheese like the mice do
I am a work of art, crush niggas like i'm crushing on Annie Clark
They stop sleeping on me
Good morning, like Alonzo
Yes i stay weird and fuck chicks like i'm gonzo
Eight shots and a beer and i'm passing out
Glasses, leather jacket, i'ma ask you out
Spend the night if you got your own toothbrush
I really think i like you, but not too much
I got big plans, yeah i feel myself hard like both hands
Yeah I feel myself hard like both hands

This is all fun yeah, my work is vacation
I don't need your money, this is free download it
Thick indie black girl, double stuffed Oreo
You can not see me, i can change your perspective
Sick boy clique, that's an Animal Collective
Fuckin with you raw like i don't need protection
I am just a rapper, i'm in search of perfection
I am not a fairy tale, i earned this shit
I am just a rapper, better learn sign language
Cause i don't talk, yeah i fight Teddy Ruxpin
Yeah i got paper like i just ate a muffin
Have a nigga, have a hit, and then they sing the same song
That is so not me, i'ma change it all up
Doctor knows i'm sick dude, i don't need a follow up
Sick boy bitch, and it's back to the future
Cause i'm McFly and it's not what i'm used to
Sky is the limit like a jet pack booster
Fuckin with a nigga like he fuckin with a time bomb
Can't see a nigga, motherfucker turn your eyes on
I do not talk, motherfucker i'm a rapper

She be like “blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah”
Don’t you know I’m a writer
I watch them girls getting lower than a kick in the milli
I’m coming back, swag on Rogaine
Girl let me see your two chains on it
So hood, man what you talking bout
Man, I’m watching Law and Order on my grandma’s couch
Eating Lucky Charms for dinner
Loser to a winner
Swag so Clippers
Me and Blake Griffin
Why your goals dripping
You even seen ballers like us po’ pimping
Yeah, I got O’s like CP3
Don’t worry, don’t worry, don’t you worry ’bout me
I’m only worried when that period’s on CPT
When that period’s on CPT

It’s what I hear when I get a hot feel
You’ll be more dead than a horse head
In a four bed-
Room apartment
Bloggers that start shit
You want to criticize me?
Wearing some American Apparel
While you’re staring at a Tim and Eric DVD?
Get it out with a Q-Tip, or some Müeslix
I’m a eunuch just cause I can’t give a fuck
Kiss her on her neck while she buttoning up
And my pants down
It’s funny how when I put Camp out they gotta camp out
Better than half of all rappers you have on your laptop
At your dad’s house
Hands down
Fake niggas said, “You the man now!”
Childish don’t go hard, what?
Got them white boy clothes and that black dude dick
East side! Stone Mountain-Decatur nigga
Cause I’m fucking lame, and I don’t even care!

Now shit has got them dancing like I channel open fold
I'm still f*cked up from the days nobody liked me
I'm lying just a little when I say that I don't give a f*ck
You know I gotta give a f*ck
It's funny I'm flyer now than witches on their broom rides
Cause I wear thee tight clothes, tight jeans, tight shirt
They told my ass ain't black enough
What the f*ck are you?
Cause I'm on fire and everything I touch is blazing
Don't f*ck with these niggas cause this swag is asinine
Your girlfriend's sister... you cannot f*ck with me

A PHONE RINGS

The Boy picks up the phone

"HELLO, WHO'S THIS?"

The Boy puts down the phone

The Boy, sat in his room, removes his hooded sweatshirt and rolls over

KNOCKING ON THE WINDOW

Ends

But I do it cause I'm stupid and it hits me I'm a goner

"Agh..! Thank you."
"Alright, A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O-"

Get that! G-g-get that! Get that!
You...

You see the world, world, world, feeling you
You see the world world, world, feeling--

But they can't create jobs for our people
And they're resorting to fascist techniques more and more
Fascist techniques oppressing our rightful demand
Only after I feel the distribution of the wealth in this country
Only after we eradicate the exportation of man by man
Can we begin to build a humane society"

You see the world, world, world, feeling--

"The first three expeditions from Mars left Earth in a mushroom of flames."

Life is a butterfly in your hands
Look too close and you may loose it

These niggas are mistakin
Dressed like Ma cambridge
Bowtie make me muslim
Switch for suspenders
Clickin through our hyperbeast
Tom Brown, Hells Bells, Kitsune, Jay L

I don't wear your shirt unless it got a logo
Now it's to go out and walk around soho

Go to top man
That's the hot spot
Check Kayne's blog for the high tops
They hooking up with ambush, that's it
Spare a top cider with a black trim
Burning through my go yard
I'm an addict

I don't want help, I'm a die in my brand new Louis belt
Check the lime green frames this girl bought me
Billionaire boys club, I'm living it
One shirt, eight dubs
I'm spending it
Every time I gotta buy I new sweater

Tires SCREECH outside. Dude 2 stands up
There's a small crash outside

Yelling

Boy, what did I tell you 'bout fucking around with these cops?! Dope game ain't made for brothas like you

THE BOY

Don't play dad with me now! Too late for this fuckery. I'm packing my shit-

BANG!

FATHER kills his white tiger and now has his gun aimed at THE BOY

FATHER
You unappreciative sack of shit. Should've left you in your mama's mouth, boy

BANG BANG!!

SCREEN goes black

See I be riding through my old hood
Same old attitude
Chillin' with yo' girlfriend
Why she always mad at you?
She be like blah blah, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Only time that she quiet
When my fingers inside her
Don't know you know I'm a rider?
Yeah I sleep in her stomach
And I sleep with a 50
Just to keep her 100
Yeah my swagger's so dummy
We so stupid so silly
I watch them girls getting lower
Then a kick in the milly, uhh
Cuz girls only gunna see you when you stuntin' man
I'm coming back
Swag on row gain
Girl let me see your 2 chainz on then
So hood, whatcha talkin' bout?
Man I'm watching Law & Order on my grandmas couch
Eating lucky charms for dinner
Swag so clippers
Why them hoes tripping
You ever seen ballers like us both pimpin'?
Ha, we stay fly like the end of Greece
Yeah I got O's like CP3
Don't worry, don't you worry, don't you worry about me

880, 880

Any girl, what you gone do?
A-A-Any girl, what you gone do?
Any boy that you gone do?
A-A-Any boy that you gone do?
Any boy that you, boy that you, boy that you
Any boy, what you gone do?

Yeah, these girls be actin' crazy when they're dancin', Black Swan
If I am just a rapper man, you coulda fooled me

Let me dope you

Okay, I'm down with the black girls of every single culture
Are there Asian girls here? Minority Report
We the illest, need a nurse, here's the cheque, grab your purse
Bunnies wantin' to be fed it I meant honeys, oh forget it
My clique should be canceled, Freaks and Geeks

The story takes place, uhh, I guess like 3 or 4 summers ago
Umm, the summer I meet you after I graduated from high school

